Everything is fine of this mobile except battery. Battery consumption at 8-10% Brightness inVideo call : almost 4% reduction for every 5-6 mins. Phone call : almost 1% reduction for every 4-5 mins. Which seems to be bit faster consumption. First iPhone I’m using. I’m not sure about regular battery consumption rate. But this doesn’t look nice to me.READ MORE;;;;
It’s not good product ...it’s cost is more quality is not good every time is hangout..battery consumption is more at least half day also not get in ...finally my best suggestion is choose another one...READ MORE;;;;
Build - Excellent (4/5)Display - Good (3/5)Sound quality - Excellent (4/5)Camera (image) - Okay (2.5/5)Camera (Video) - Very good (3.5/5) (a little bit jitters are there and video is not so sharp)Call quality -Very good (3.5/5) Battery - Bad (not too bad) (2/5) (just blink your eye and 1% is gone)Very disappointed that they is no charger and headset bundled with the box. I don't consider this a value for money mobile.READ MORE;;;;
Design is awesome and one of the primary reason to buy. But build quality have compromised as in one month the back galss got scraches but its ok and vary from user to user.Camara is best in this price but if you use it it eats battery like hell which I dont liked.Gamming is also good but again eats battery not good If you play games more often you need to charge it.In my opinion I am not happy as my usage remains same for old iPhone SE  and new iPhone SE 2020. If you need a phone and y...READ MORE;;;;
Cons: 1. Finger print response time is very slow compared with older version iPhones.. 2. Apps are hanging and restarting ..  3. left side loud speaker is very low compared to right side speaker.4. Reachable facility is not working properly as home button response is very bad  I never felt this kind of issues in older iPhones .. Pros:   1. Good display 2. Good camera 3. Good network coverageREAD MORE;;;;
I edited this just after 3 months of use that the battery is so so bad that i had to refill it atleast twice a day and it takes more than 2 hours to refill. This mobile was great in terms of performance and camera but lacks a little bit on the design and battery. The design was bit outdated and the mobile takes more than 2 hours to refill. The IOS experience was great but i do prefer the android experience which is free and have more variety in it. In this price range the only competitors are...READ MORE;;;;
If a phone with 4 hours screen on time does not sound exciting then I'd say skip the phone. You'd have to charge this phone twice a day for normal use. Rest it's snappy and has a good camera.READ MORE;;;;
Only good thing about this phone is its processor.What is the use of good processor if you ve average camera below average screen size. I ve not udapted to new software but the UI is not that friendly with the present software version. You ll get very good Android phone for the same price. Or if you can shell out extra bucks then go for higher version of iPhone. This is not worth it.READ MORE;;;;
It is fully hawa Naz phone . Back bottom on top so it is not comfort to easy back chapare to other phone.Charger need to be commonized Battery need to be increaseREAD MORE;;;;
The phone just works ok. The battery backup is worst. Its only a few months and the battery health is reduced to 97%. The battery lasts less than a day. The display is just ok. I have a 3 year old iPhone xr which works great still. Recommended for only those people who need small size budget iPhone.READ MORE;;;;
Buying a basic camera phone this price is not justified unless it is apple product. Camera quality is not good as expected from apple. Far better camera is available at half of price in other brandsREAD MORE;;;;
Hello Customers like me....  It would be a great choice I you are willing to present any gift to your loved ones who loves iPhone... It was my first suspense to my wife .. She told it's an amazing product...READ MORE;;;;
I have given my Redmi note 4 phone in exchange and there was very small issue with my phone and they have taken Rs. 1800. But when I am seeing the my order it's showing that my exchange is cancelled... Your persons are doing fraud and taking phone... They are cheating and making pressure and showing some undue fault on exchange phone and trying to take money.. This is done with me today... Pls connect me and talk to me.READ MORE;;;;
Battery screwed. There is some defect. The phone keeps shutting down and battery drops from 99 to 10 % in 2 hoursREAD MORE;;;;
Pros:Camera promising Phone speed is goodCons:Over heating when Personal hotspot is ONBattery draining quickly for few hours of usageTakes 2 hours to charge fullyIf you are Ok with this cons go for it. Other than this mobile performing well.READ MORE;;;;
Wasted Battery!It does not even last of 5 hours of using 4G internet that too on single sim.Apps get force closed!Totally disappointedREAD MORE;;;;
I am really disappointed with the performance of this product.. Battery health deteriorated by 1% within 14 days.READ MORE;;;;
Battery drain after 3 months. battery heath reduces 100 to 96%. And after using 6 months battery 🔋 health  becomes 86% that’s very bad impact.READ MORE;;;;
Charger and ear phone not included in this modelREAD MORE;;;;
Charging issueREAD MORE;;;;
1st time using iphone Worst battery performance When mobile data on with in a hour Battery comes down from 100% to 10%Very worst battery performanceWhen data on mobile gets heating up lotREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is draining soon. Performance wise it's goodREAD MORE;;;;
Writing this review after 7 months of moderate use. Only two sentences:Everything is okay.Except battery. You need to charge 4 times a day or more. Not for gaming at all!READ MORE;;;;
So far it’s good. Camera and performance is very nice. Was little disappointed with battery luckily govt did lockdown again now i have full day to chargeREAD MORE;;;;
Very bad experience with Flipkart - Even though I have provided them screenshot on the social media - they have refused to give the product along with the accessories - I would not advise anyone to order through this site.READ MORE;;;;
It's an average ios phone...not ordinary or xtraordinary. performance is equal with 35k android phone. But 35k android phone give a @better battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
Totally waste of money.. After.. 7 days batary backup issues.. After 3-4 hours battery finished... What is this? second have product.. You guys have..READ MORE;;;;
Battery is petheticREAD MORE;;;;
Battery damaged within 3 monthsREAD MORE;;;;
There is no charging adapter provided. Very cheap experience with Apple brand for the first time.READ MORE;;;;
On call phone sensor is not working... Now I have noticed that not sure how to get it fixed...READ MORE;;;;
Wonderful performance with disgusting battery health! After 7 days use it’s showing 92% battery health. The battery lasts maximum 3 hours screen on time. Don’t buy it!READ MORE;;;;
Very Bad battery backup. Sucks to the core. Waste of money.READ MORE;;;;
Adopter and earphone are missingREAD MORE;;;;
I bought 10 days before.. battery life is just 2 hours..Worst experience buying this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
The buyer is not genuine and harassed the customer till the end without any solutionREAD MORE;;;;
The battery drains faster than u can imagine Rest all features are goodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is very poor . It coudnt stay for full day even without using net also..If you need primary phone don't buy it.Second sim is digital sim.READ MORE;;;;
I bought the phone on 6th of june.. and today is 13th june.. i am used my phone less than 1 hr on daily basis..but still its battery getting discharge fast.. nd mobile bettery health directly came to 98% jst in only 7 days... otherwise mobile is good...! Totally dispointed with an apple kindly suggest what can i do..?READ MORE;;;;
Everything is top notch as per the price Except battery It has been 6 months since I bought it Battery health is going down tremendously fastNow it is 90 percentREAD MORE;;;;
8 months old. Heating issues and EarPods controls not working!!!!READ MORE;;;;
Overall mobile is good but battery drains very fast as compared to android mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Price does not justify battery....rest all features are apple standard... Battery drains faster ...overshadowing all plus points .. cant help it giving 3 🌟 due to poor power part...READ MORE;;;;
The battery started to get recharging twice a day from the fourth month and by 7th month it is charged thrice a day. Very bad battery. Low performance camera compared to others.READ MORE;;;;
The battery reduced to 95% performance within 5 months .It is totally worthless to buy it and my guess is that the battery will become redundant within 18 months. The price drop on Cashify is 50% just after 5 months.READ MORE;;;;
BATTERY IS VERY WEAKREAD MORE;;;;
Not that great You can buy better phones in this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
handyREAD MORE;;;;
The battery is really bad and the charger in the box make it worse in case of performance there are no complaints single camera does an excellent job but wish there was night mode.READ MORE;;;;
Phone is good. However this is entry level phone so it must provide EarPods and charging Power adapter.READ MORE;;;;
substandard product from iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best cameraBest perfomanceWorst batteryWorst displayREAD MORE;;;;
Within one week of purchase WiFi Bluetooth and screenshot not workingREAD MORE;;;;
Mic is not workingREAD MORE;;;;
Not at value for money .battery life is disasterREAD MORE;;;;
Okk okREAD MORE;;;;
Worst performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Heating problem and battery problemREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is ok but the delivery service is bad . Packing was badREAD MORE;;;;
battery is not get fully charged & cell getting  too hitting too much as per value its not worth to have I phone SE 202OREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup is very poorREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is perfect 👍 no doubt by the main problem with this iphone is battery problem its takes about 2hrs 20 mins to fully charged from 0-100% and this Very big problem..apart from that phone is really good i just love it ..READ MORE;;;;
Only thing that matters now a days is a long lasting battery. In times of now when everything is working on 4g network this phone is not a worth. PLEASE DON'T SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS.READ MORE;;;;
home button is not working . it is staying with Siri. Please help.READ MORE;;;;
Phone keeps turning off...it's only been a day since I bought my phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup is not so good for heavy user..If you play game like pubg then hardly this will give 1.30 hrs backupREAD MORE;;;;
It has weak cellular signals and hotspot is not strong even using multiple sims...READ MORE;;;;
Its small in size have big bezels  still can compete with those having 8 gb ram and octa core processor with 720 gpu mobiles happy with its 12 megapixels back and 7 mega pixels camera wheras other phone gives 48 megapixes still cant beat an iphone se camera and processing powerThanks to apple team for their harwork and also flipkart for such a nice product home delivery in lockdown.READ MORE;;;;
Defective piceREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup is worst I have to charge thrice a day ..READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup is worst..READ MORE;;;;
Pros..1.Quite decent look2.camera is something which gives you marvellous imagecons...1.Battery back up is very low..2. screen size is too small.overall it is a bad choice for those who are thinking to purchase because of its low price. Go for iPhone 11. Don't waste your money on it.READ MORE;;;;
WORST phone ever...... hardly 2-3 hour battery life.....no HD display..... WASTE OF MONEY....READ MORE;;;;
Very disappointed on HeadphonesREAD MORE;;;;
Don't go for this product battery is very bad.If you do face time within 30 to 45 min battery will drain.READ MORE;;;;
The worst battery life  of any smart phone that too apple to be specific.Is total a piece of waste.If your are expecting that this phone's battery can cover ur office time with some buffer  time is totally a myth.READ MORE;;;;
Very bad  battery  discharge within 3 hours and 3times fully charge require in 14 hours. Do not buy otherwise flipkart do not give replavement or refund. fully wastage of money do not buy . and replacement is rejected  due to techician wrong report is g given to flipkart kindly replace itREAD MORE;;;;
Battery capacity is too low. Total 100 percentage charge drains completely within 4 hours and mobile gets heated up upon usage.READ MORE;;;;
Waste mobile please don’t waste ur money after receiving my phone battery performance is not at all good just for normal use also it will drain so fast and it’s showing return but it’s not true Flipkart will not bother about our complaint only No use and no help Please don’t buyREAD MORE;;;;
If any one of you want to exchange your phone just dont do from flipkart this guys just cheats they want the phone in brand new condition and straight they say cant take and u cancel the order After deleting all data u dont have option but u need to only buy so plz dont do any exchange with flipkart very bad experienceREAD MORE;;;;
Battery capacity is worst!!READ MORE;;;;
Pros1. Fastest performing for mid range users2. Camera quality is so goodCons1. Battery is draining so fast for moderate usage itself.Bought this mobile in big billion daysFlipkart has cheated saying its a deal but the mobile has come without charger and headphone..Flipkart is always fooling the customers in this way only saying it is a big billion dayREAD MORE;;;;
No Charger or headset in the boxREAD MORE;;;;
This piece of garbage gets too Damn hot. I contacted flip kart for a refund and they're now saying that I should contact apple for a 'replacement'. I want a refund... Not a replacement. Overheating piece of trashREAD MORE;;;;
Phone battry very bad only 2-3 hours screen and when charging phone is very hot and very small screen donot play games pubgREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup very very poorREAD MORE;;;;
Touch isn’t working. I don’t know whether this a product glitch or Flipkart has compromised on the standard of the product.READ MORE;;;;
everything else is good but the battery backup is very very bad. i will suggest not to buy this productREAD MORE;;;;
not nice with product and returnableREAD MORE;;;;
Worst battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is not getting charged fully. The maximum limit which it reaches is 80%. Highly disappointed.READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup is worst. Won't recommend it.. even for a moderate users. Better go for any other iPhone or Android phones.READ MORE;;;;
Damage product received in flipcartREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is perfect except batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Non compliance and worst mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Not as i expected.READ MORE;;;;
the main reason to buy this phone is experience the apple phone . nothing more in it . my prefer is to go for the iphone 11.READ MORE;;;;
It's good till nowREAD MORE;;;;
Within 6 months mic is not working properly. Receiver couldn’t hear the my voice properly.READ MORE;;;;
Lot of network issues in esim always it will be shoeing other out of network.During the automatically call will disconnect or will not get voice.Battery back up is horribleNo value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Gets too hot when chargingREAD MORE;;;;
Iphone all model costly ?READ MORE;;;;
Stopped working in two months . Had a small crack in back glass and service center told that warranty does not cover. Crack happened one month back and was not related to the issue with phone. Warranty is not covered . Waste of money.READ MORE;;;;
Heating issueREAD MORE;;;;
I really didn't like the phone due to battery issueREAD MORE;;;;
Very bad shopping experience with FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup is very poorMoney loseREAD MORE;;;;
Battery performance is so poorREAD MORE;;;;
All features was excellent But main problem is battery its lasts only 6 hoursREAD MORE;;;;
very nice product and good performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Very very poor products.Don't use Flipkart app....no one will respond for my product returnREAD MORE;;;;
Don't buy. Just don't buy it. Battery tremendous drop issue. Battery health decreased within 2 months.READ MORE;;;;
No power adapter... New mobile without charger...READ MORE;;;;
phone is good but not giving adapter for charging it's very difficult to chargeREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone …only issue is the battery back upREAD MORE;;;;
Handset Heating While Charging Orginal iPhone Charger and Heating On Gaming and watching videos alsoREAD MORE;;;;
BAD I BUY IT  FIRST I START AFTER ONE HOUR  IT SWITCH OF NOW IT NOT WORKING IT IS DEADREAD MORE;;;;
No chargerREAD MORE;;;;
I hate this product because of battery draind out  issues and heating in a  normal use Am not able to use 1 day . when i am charged 100 % around 3 pm battery 10%  .am using only normal apps. Only using 1 sim .READ MORE;;;;
Handy Phone classy look . little bit disappointed from the battery backup.READ MORE;;;;
The device is getting heated unnecessarilyREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is okay but battery life is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Genually this is only a brand phone.READ MORE;;;;
Seems out to be refurbished product.READ MORE;;;;
Dont waste your moneyREAD MORE;;;;
WorstREAD MORE;;;;
Worst not apple phoneREAD MORE;;;;
very bad experience with flipcart and appleREAD MORE;;;;
Product got heated when cahrge and also battery life is minimal even on minimal useREAD MORE;;;;
Where is adepter how we charge the mobile phone when phone is not chargeREAD MORE;;;;
It has low signal reception...I realised it now after using it for 5 months..it has low power antenna even lower than iphone6s and iphone 7...Apple is a cheap company...disappointedREAD MORE;;;;
Battery was totally bad. While using internet calls phone gets over heatREAD MORE;;;;
Battery drains out very quickly especially during internet data usage. Camera quality isn’t that greatREAD MORE;;;;
okREAD MORE;;;;
After using 3 months overall good but battery drain with speed.READ MORE;;;;
Undoubtedly great phoneBut bad service by FlipkartDuring search for the entered shows iphone se with earpods and adaptor But on adding to cart it updates to iphone without adaptor and earwigsAnd shockingly both are priced the sameIt advertises the one with accessories and mentions itBut the does not mention about the price without these accessories Comes with lighning cable which is type C. So you have to but the expensive adaptor as you are left with no choiceHad to put in 1900 for t...READ MORE;;;;
As per description of accessories not received charger and earphone and now flipkart is not ready  accept there faultREAD MORE;;;;
Pro- for me size of phone.Con- Battery is very poor.No charger and head phone.READ MORE;;;;
As per mentioned I dint received power adapter and earphones.READ MORE;;;;
Poor batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Its nice bit should provide adapter atleastREAD MORE;;;;
Got no adapter and earphonesREAD MORE;;;;
If you want to use your phone more than six hours in a day then this is not for you. If you are very minimal phone user then go for it.READ MORE;;;;
Worst battery life even for not so heavy userREAD MORE;;;;
charger and earpods not included.READ MORE;;;;
Battery too much disappointing.. other no problemREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is just 3 weeks old and the battery health is already 97% which is disturbing.READ MORE;;;;
Defective battery on this device! Actual battery health dropped alot within two monthsREAD MORE;;;;
It's been only two months and today all of a sudden i am not able to listen to the voice of the other person of the phonREAD MORE;;;;
Never buy anything from Flipkart. Apple product standard is as is. But Flipkart is simply ridiculous & 3rd class place to buy. It had shown that on exchange policy minimum it will pay back 1400 in return of iphone 6 even if glass has scratch or touchscreen is not working. But these bogus platform does not do what it shows. The delivery boy came & have not exchanged with the old phone saying glass has scratch & half of touchscreen is not working. Instead he forced to pay exchange value of Rs 3...READ MORE;;;;
Got the slightly  damaged product with dot on screen. Don't expect Apple's quality is compromised on such way.READ MORE;;;;
No issues iPhone. The one star is due to the purchase experience in Flipkart. The item was purchased on exchange. However the Flipkart representative gave all kinds of reasons why the phone should not be exchanged and asked for difference amount. Hence a horrible experience. Not likely to return to Flipkart due to this..READ MORE;;;;
Only purchase throughout big billion days... otherwise you ll be get foolled...because I have lost around      Rs. 11000 .....regarding thisREAD MORE;;;;
Camera not good but averageREAD MORE;;;;
Very very bad battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is really good. I love taking photos on this phone. The only issue is battery life. Battery drains fast and that's a bit disappointing. Need to keep a check on the battery all the time. But truly value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Phone features are good worth every penny u spend for this but reason I gave 3 star is not for phone but for Flipkart dealer as product came without invoice.....READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product....those who want to buy a budget iPhone they just go for this iPhone se 2020...... performance super.... battery life average not excellent....READ MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Ok ok okayyyyyyyyyREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is lying so much and I have a doubt about  this phone is a iPhone se 2 or iPhone 8Plz don't make me fool  because this is not have iPhone se2 specificationREAD MORE;;;;
Only thing for I’m regret that is battery Battery drain is very very fastGreat on screen on time but if you are a YouTube person and gamer don’t go for it. otherwise expect battery everything is just fineREAD MORE;;;;
Too much cost 30000 reasonableREAD MORE;;;;
Poor network and wifi catchingREAD MORE;;;;
Okay ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Poor Battery Performance & Overheating issue!!Flipkart also not taking cognizance of it.READ MORE;;;;
Below expectations..READ MORE;;;;
the phone is not getting charged..patheticREAD MORE;;;;
Need to exchange with higher version of IphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Waste of money with this price will get better products in the marketREAD MORE;;;;
Worst battery lifeDisplay is very smallNo face IDGo for iPhone XR instead of thisREAD MORE;;;;
Over priced!!!At this price 1.No full display2.Battery is poor3.No fast charging charger(jus 5w)READ MORE;;;;
i you have extra money then Apple SE best for youREAD MORE;;;;
The worst battery ever in new iphone SEREAD MORE;;;;
Poor defective product. I am returning it.READ MORE;;;;
Very bad experience for flipkard customer support team rudely misbehavingREAD MORE;;;;
Screen is very small compared to other phone at this price range.fast charger could have been thr.battery is not much good.small and looks good.READ MORE;;;;
It's my first iphone after using android for 7 years.As per feel factor it's compact handy.but unfortunately it's not that user friendly as I used to get in android. Due to too much security and all I  could not retrieved my WhatsApp backups from Google drive.Sad. So people who are switching from android please think twiceREAD MORE;;;;
Don’t Buy:big problem is battery draining very quickly  and If you have I phone 8 then no need to buy this mobile.READ MORE;;;;
This is the worst apple product ever. I ordered Iphone SE with power adapter and headset but Flipkart sent me without Adapter. Their customer care told I placed the order and did not check while ordering.I had to order adapter with another 2000. I got the adapter from apple. Sad part is in just 15 days of use and hardly 16 to 18 charging cycle my batter health is now showing as 97%. Called apple care and they are telling it is normal. Seems apple is manufacturing less quality products and se...READ MORE;;;;
Such a poor battery. Battery health is now at 98% instead of 100% within 2 months of purchase.READ MORE;;;;
I never write review.But first time i want to write a review about Apple Se 2020 Model.Never ever buy this useless phone.Worst battery life and camera clarity is useless.I never expect this from apple.Useless fellows charging more money but miserable failed in Quality.I wasted my money in this useless phone.Apple Pls close the company and go worst product.NEVER BUY SE 2020 Apple.I cant even give one star for this useless phone.They not even given adaptor for chargingNo hands free also...READ MORE;;;;
Phone is getting hang lit bit price is Hight I will say don’t buyREAD MORE;;;;
Never buy a just launched apple products. I got this phone on 2nd july 2020 and the price is rs 38900. Now the product on 25july 2020 is rs 37399.  Its just cheating the customer who want brand new product. Its battery backup is also very poor. On BBD just bbd 25999.READ MORE;;;;
Battery dosent last more than 6.5 to 7 hrs with heavy usageREAD MORE;;;;
Very bad experience. There no feel of mob in hand. Vested of money.READ MORE;;;;
Battery life is too worstREAD MORE;;;;
Battary problemREAD MORE;;;;
The mobile phone (IPhone SE) is a bad product and will not recommended anyone to buy. You may get much better phone in this price range.READ MORE;;;;
Worst battery. Also phone is having heating problemREAD MORE;;;;
Don't buy. Battery backup is extremely poor. Doesn't last even 24 hours with minimal use-no game use nothing.READ MORE;;;;
I love itREAD MORE;;;;
Battery Backup is worst issue with itREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is very poor and charging very slow 2:30 to 3:00 charging timeREAD MORE;;;;
Please don't purchase apple mobiles in online market.Mobile mother board and camara lens total changing online. Please buy apple mobile offline.READ MORE;;;;
Unsatisfied very bad productREAD MORE;;;;
It’s been only 2days since I bought this phone. Have fully charged it since. No gaming done. Battery drains out in less than a day. Am surprised since I have used the iPhone 7 previous to this and battery performance was never an issue. Very disappointedREAD MORE;;;;
Camera is great but phone is not worth. Battery drains quickly. I would not suggest this phone even if you are a apple lover.READ MORE;;;;
price should be low.READ MORE;;;;
Avarge phone not value 4 moneyREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone is worth anything so handy to use Specially for ladies to fit in purse Just don’t go for exchange of products they will just waste your time and finally give a value of a charger price to your old mobileREAD MORE;;;;
No battery life and heating issuesREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is very smallbattery backup is very pourCamera quality is goodDisplay quality is averageIts not value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
High performance and speed. Good camera too. Battery back up is pathetic. Full battery Lasts upto 3-4 hours only.READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup as usual worst..Camera is not so good as you spending 40ks to 60 ks it should be multi lense camera...Display is not bright enough...Only plus point is does not lag ...though I am sure it will start doing that after few updates..READ MORE;;;;
wasteREAD MORE;;;;
Worst. No battery backup.keep one power bank along with you 24 hrs. Poor camera quality. We didn't get the invoice also from the seller after one month from the date of purchase.READ MORE;;;;
Not given chargerREAD MORE;;;;
Guys don't perchage this phone Adapter cable and earphone is not available this product Plz don't perchage this phone plz i request you all every oneREAD MORE;;;;
Batter position is very weekREAD MORE;;;;
Adapter and airport not given.READ MORE;;;;
Battery is disappointing Screen seems very small if you were using big screen phone earlierREAD MORE;;;;
Waste my moneyREAD MORE;;;;
I found some word like CE under the Apple logo in I phone se2 and also others. and same that not found in others I phone se2...thats whyREAD MORE;;;;
Very bad experience customer support team rudely misbehavingREAD MORE;;;;
I have ordered one more same phone but not yet delivered to me so delivery is very much badREAD MORE;;;;
I didnt like Iphone SE.READ MORE;;;;
DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE AT ALLREAD MORE;;;;
Not better than android ❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
in mobile box sim remove tool pin not avilabeREAD MORE;;;;
Cable quality worse Camera quality not good as expectedREAD MORE;;;;
Camera is very bad😡😡READ MORE;;;;
Billing not currentlyREAD MORE;;;;
Charging was drained very speedily and warest packed on FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
My iPhone camera and flash light has stopped working. Pliz help me outREAD MORE;;;;
Product not as per standard same as iPhone 6 Picture quality not very goodRequest to buy other upgraded iPhone or other brand avoid IPhone SE as not very satisfied with price and product offeringREAD MORE;;;;
AverageREAD MORE;;;;
Totally disappoint that a product sell with out charger. Its lók like sell car without engine.READ MORE;;;;
I hated this phone this refund not creditREAD MORE;;;;
The battery health is degrading day by day  in the begining month only its lessREAD MORE;;;;
Don’t buy this phone bad quality customer care not refund and return phone or ear speaker quality poor bad.please awareness people.READ MORE;;;;
Customer Satisfaction is no essential for this stupid companyREAD MORE;;;;
Very poor battery required frequent chargingREAD MORE;;;;
Battery or camera is not good as per my expatationsREAD MORE;;;;
Worthful productREAD MORE;;;;
battery is not perfect and the price reduced due to inbox items like charger and earphone will be not available thats why there are reduced a price other than quality of iPhone as usual good camera front is not good but rear camera is  a beastREAD MORE;;;;
Having issue with touch screen sensor in just 2 monthsREAD MORE;;;;
Buy any iPhone part from SE 2020 really disappointed with its performanceREAD MORE;;;;
SupetREAD MORE;;;;
GudREAD MORE;;;;
Not worth for money...very small phone to handleREAD MORE;;;;
My phone last 10 months used and now Dead.READ MORE;;;;
This is not a dual sim only single sim but ur seeing dual sim  that a main problem ur fraud to uREAD MORE;;;;
Worst battery backup even without using also battery is draining fastREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
Battery not so goodREAD MORE;;;;
Varry bad ☹️READ MORE;;;;
Pratha grase makshika......Battery not on/working.READ MORE;;;;
No Accessories are provided with the product and charged so much phone is very small and over price in flipkart shop has much cheaper price with same product and with all accessories.READ MORE;;;;
Phone is awesome but I want red colour but unfortunately black has been arrived but it's nice . Just a problem is there that it needs a e-sim means if u r having 2 sims of different company then only 1 will fit n u have to make e-sim of another one just this is a problem but phone is very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Worst battery performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is good but battery need be betterREAD MORE;;;;
Facing battery issue.Only 4 hrs of battery backup.READ MORE;;;;
Battery is getting drained in 1-2 hrsREAD MORE;;;;
Sound from earpiece low...almost not audible...camera averageREAD MORE;;;;
Not satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Every thing all right but no charger it’s difficult to use as simply. Even headphone also not thereREAD MORE;;;;
GOODREAD MORE;;;;
Very average. Not as per price.READ MORE;;;;
Phone gets an black screen error also battery drain quicklyREAD MORE;;;;
Camera ✨❤️READ MORE;;;;
I am surprised to see iPhone without its charger. This is not good. Flipkart service was awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Mobile battery low and5_10 mit use mobile hit issueREAD MORE;;;;
If adopter or earbuds in the box should be available in box .READ MORE;;;;
worst apple day in flip cartREAD MORE;;;;
Better to buy 11 seriesREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobile but high priceREAD MORE;;;;
Wrost phoneREAD MORE;;;;
bettery performance very poor don't go for it please 4 time charge in a dayREAD MORE;;;;
Using this product for more than a year. Battery is not at all sufficient for average daily use.Phone starts lagging frequently after 1 year use even though the space consumption was less than 50%. Restarting the phone doesn’t help much after 2-3 days it again starts to lag.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Battry not charging after 82% percentagedon't buy thisREAD MORE;;;;
nice product 100% orginalREAD MORE;;;;
I loved it . It's my first iphone powerful performance beautiful camera & stunning design little monsterREAD MORE;;;;
Battery limit is the worestREAD MORE;;;;
Phone battery not good In six month battery health 88 % So please don’t buyREAD MORE;;;;
Very bad battery life.READ MORE;;;;
Very small size and very very week battery backup.Over all phone is not that much good as u expect.READ MORE;;;;
Good porformence but very small phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Hitting issue ... While watching youtube and Instagram.READ MORE;;;;
It frequently hangs and performance is similar to a high end android phoneREAD MORE;;;;
It's a used iPhone.READ MORE;;;;
No charging adapter and headphones in the box:(READ MORE;;;;
Everything is good im returning it for one resean it is too small for me i cantREAD MORE;;;;
Battery performance is very very bad. I will not suggest anyone to buy thisREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile calling sound not properREAD MORE;;;;
The phone sent without charger this is horrible experience.first of all Iphone needs specific charger that itself is missing. Display is very small not value for money.READ MORE;;;;
1. Screen is very small and touch response is not good. 2. Batary is very very poor. Half day backup only. 3. Only who want a phone for calling and whatsApp purpose they can buy it for a secondary phone.READ MORE;;;;
Battery is not supportingREAD MORE;;;;
se 2020 i got has battery problem from 1st day. Also speakers not working properly after 6 months. I am not sure if everyone has same problem with se 2020 but battery performance is pathetic. I got this for lesser price in sale probably thats the reason i got this inferior quality phone. Apple service center will never accept their manufacturing defects and you will be helpless.READ MORE;;;;
The product is really good but FlipKart customer care is worst.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone se battery backup very poor 1800 mah battery not a 2 generation phone .READ MORE;;;;
Good for normal userREAD MORE;;;;
Not worthREAD MORE;;;;
i have received phone with no charger and ear phones. only i got wireless charger. Should i buy separate charger ? and no hear phonesREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
The speaker is not working in one month what aa bad product in by giving offer you have fraud i will never by mobile from FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
This is not charged for properlyREAD MORE;;;;
Ear piece quality is not good. Bad audibility. Not happy.READ MORE;;;;
When I was charging the phone sometimes battery charger decreasedREAD MORE;;;;
Frequent call drops which cannot be attributed to the network provider since the same sim delivers much better performance in other handsets.  Battery back up is worse.READ MORE;;;;
Before one year … facing lots of problemsREAD MORE;;;;
Its not dual simREAD MORE;;;;
Don't buy itREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Pls call the sound is not workingREAD MORE;;;;
Really its niceREAD MORE;;;;
Stopped working even before using for 1 month.READ MORE;;;;
Very badREAD MORE;;;;
It's worth buying this phone at this priceREAD MORE;;;;
This piece is not work & is very warm Filipcart very bad companyREAD MORE;;;;
It's good enough to not to regret!! Just need to carry a power bank..READ MORE;;;;
Battery is very bad and hot spot connection is very weak too.READ MORE;;;;
Battery charging is very poor.READ MORE;;;;
After two months front camera stopped workingREAD MORE;;;;
Worst batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone no doubt just go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Heating problemREAD MORE;;;;
battery performance is very badHitting issue Camera is sufficient Performance is average hang some timeREAD MORE;;;;
This is one of the worst IPhones- quality is significantly compromised in all aspects. Display is really poor- I am an iPhone users for past 6 years and never seen such a bad model from the house of AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery not working properly gets discharged by 1 hour with no useREAD MORE;;;;
This product looks bull ship.. Battery keeps dying down every 5-6 hrs.READ MORE;;;;
Worst purchase of all time.. within a month started giving problems. Iphone is restarting automatically on its own. N now its stuck on apple logo . And now its showing error 4014   Hardware related issue …..READ MORE;;;;
Aswam productsREAD MORE;;;;
OFTEN GET PROBLEMREAD MORE;;;;
Tnx to flipkart.....😊READ MORE;;;;
Battery is not charging after 80%. It struck there for hoursREAD MORE;;;;
High speed not workingREAD MORE;;;;
Regretting after buy this😔😩READ MORE;;;;
Display screen vibrates when playing musicREAD MORE;;;;
Ok to buyREAD MORE;;;;
Quality issues over heating worst battery backup.. worst service from flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Flipkart give me old product i purchase 14 April 2021 and estimated expiration date july 12/2021 what are you doing flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
I got this for my father. He is using it for few months. Battery is a problem. Need to charge every day. Performance is super.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Voice not clear....READ MORE;;;;
As the all iPhones this is also good but company not provided the charger and headphones in the box. This is only a big drawback this phone.READ MORE;;;;
batary backup very worst and there are lots off network connection issues some times calls will not connect and u will not get callsREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Device Heating issue. Seems some faulty item been deliveredREAD MORE;;;;
All good but the mobile smallerREAD MORE;;;;
Not so much exciting at this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Camera quality poorREAD MORE;;;;
Charger not given.... I spent separated Rs. 2200 for chargerREAD MORE;;;;
Battery health down to 97% in one month usage Mobile is totally not worth for the moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone but not up to the mark. Low Battery cant even use it for movies for 3 to 4 hours. Looks are nice and decent camera performance no heat issue on daily use. But battery drains very fast so please if you are heavy use don't buy this it will take around 2.5 hours to charge.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Please do not buy any product from flipkart....i did not liked this product so I requested to flipkart to return this product but they are not even entertaining. Worst experienceREAD MORE;;;;
Ok value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
I really loved this mobile because good build quality and user experience. cons are:Battery quickly drained Facing some heating problem while playing videos continuously 1 hr  ExpensiveREAD MORE;;;;
Fully satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Charging capable is not that impressive along with the battery capacityREAD MORE;;;;
Bateery is vrry poor qualityREAD MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
Waste of money no charging adaptor no earphone don't buy please don't buy don't buy don't buyREAD MORE;;;;
The battery is in very poor performance..READ MORE;;;;
This phone look and display is good but smallI didn’t get adapter and headset just the iPhone and charging cable as how it is specified but compare to cost they must provide adapter at least.So make sure you have to order adapter as well.Battery is very very poor. Didn’t expect this from Apple.One big mistake I purchased 64GB and there is no addon memory card slot so if you are buying this phone must buy 128GB at least because after you install apps you will be short of memory space.Go...READ MORE;;;;
GudREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile packing by Flipkart is very disappointed to me... don’t taken minimum precautions to pack the mobile ... very very bad to receive valuable thing with poor packing...READ MORE;;;;
Cheep filpkartREAD MORE;;;;
Battery life poorREAD MORE;;;;
good for general use and handy to useREAD MORE;;;;
Only a brand nothing else is good.READ MORE;;;;
I'm Very disappointed with Flipkart service...I didn't get any charger or airpods in the box..Nd they don't call back me...totally fraud..guys don't buy any product from Flipkart...they say something and they do something...cheap serviceREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is the main issueREAD MORE;;;;
Exchange was a painREAD MORE;;;;
Not workingREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Flipkart give worst product it is also not water resistant My phone drop in water only for 30 sec and it get liquid damageREAD MORE;;;;
This phone definitely required higher capacity of Battery. Since this has higher processor battery gets drained within 3-4 hours of normal usageREAD MORE;;;;
Battery was disappointed. With in one and half month battery health reduced to 97%•READ MORE;;;;
Try to keep correct information ..READ MORE;;;;
phone double osm. but i expect charger and earphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Charger and Airpod not given with this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Not worth the moneyREAD MORE;;;;
display size is not as per the latest demand. Battery backup is very poor.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
This is my third product of i phone but lil upset once o received the latest one that doesn't include ear phones and charger adapterInteresting Point as Apple saying that they remove adapter and charger for environment safety but fact new i phone included with Type C Charger and we need to buy adapter again (not compatible to old Adapters ) no point of environmental safetyFlipcart : selling two type of phone one with charger and another with without charger with the same fair We cant unde...READ MORE;;;;
Battery life is slightly low For 31000 it's good dealREAD MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
Its internal tower is very weak.....suffering huge call drop. Surfing experience with mobile data is very very poor.READ MORE;;;;
Very small phone when compared to Android ones. Price is very high. Difficult to use. Quality is not as per my satisfaction.READ MORE;;;;
Charger n ear phone missingREAD MORE;;;;
Doesn’t perform as good as a a IPhone should . Touch sensors are not good . Sometimes you are not able to choose a particular message or an email while searching . Also battery performance is disheartening.READ MORE;;;;
Wrost phone ever seen on this planet.READ MORE;;;;
Totally Unworthy for the money paidREAD MORE;;;;
Over heatingREAD MORE;;;;
Got it without charger and headphonesREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup and health is very badI haven't used it for any hard task but within 3 months i lost 5 % battery healthREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Better order the variant including charger and earpodsREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Have expected more from thisREAD MORE;;;;
DONT BUY.  THIS IS MY SECOND IPHONE.  no option to make Video Calls between  two 4g phones.  No call recording.  Very rarely connects Hotspot.  Bluetooth device disconnects frequently.  nowadays cheap chinese phones are having all these facilities.  BASIC functions are not working.READ MORE;;;;
Battery back up very poor &  erpods adapter not in the boxREAD MORE;;;;
Worst product.. Not worth buying this.READ MORE;;;;
Not satisfied with product..READ MORE;;;;
Main problem with the battery overall perfectREAD MORE;;;;
Not bestREAD MORE;;;;
Screen scratchedREAD MORE;;;;
No charger and earpods!READ MORE;;;;
I've one more iphone se with 93% battery health which lasts more than this new one. .READ MORE;;;;
Hi...This is my first IPhone and I am loving it. In this budget it is a good phone. Le lo...READ MORE;;;;
Worst battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
please dont buy this product from flipkart.Absolutely shittREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is worstAverage functions working.Delivery service is pathetic & unprofessional.Ekart service is bad.Phone is fine. Don't expect too much.READ MORE;;;;
HateREAD MORE;;;;
Without accessories not good feeling meREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery everything is worth for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Iphone is iphone basREAD MORE;;;;
Worst ever deal.READ MORE;;;;
The product quality is good 👍 but delivery service is worst. I give -5 star for delivery.READ MORE;;;;
Wrong charging cable. box was manipulated items changedREAD MORE;;;;
Need to buy charger and EarPods separatelyREAD MORE;;;;
Loudspeakers problem need to restart the device to normalREAD MORE;;;;
Battery problemREAD MORE;;;;
Should make better then andriodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is shocking. Very poor. Rest all fabulous.READ MORE;;;;
I didn't recieve my ear phones and adapter with Mobile but Mobile was goodREAD MORE;;;;
Its iphone guys... [we are paying only for brand]Cameras not upto mark.. not clear selfies..batterry drains very quick..Overall we can say near average ratingREAD MORE;;;;
battery drainingREAD MORE;;;;
Average phone under 25kREAD MORE;;;;
Great performance and even good battery on low power mode and nothing to complain about at 24.7k price pointAntenna is very very poorREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is miserable!READ MORE;;;;
Apple has gone to a new low. Doesn't bundle the phone which charger. How one can charge the phone without spending premium on mobile chargerREAD MORE;;;;
Very cheap rate in this iPhone Battery is so good compared to other iPhoneNow after 7 months old this phone is hangingREAD MORE;;;;
After one 1year automatic motherboard short circuit and damage. I lost my phone and money.READ MORE;;;;
The phone itself for the price is good. But the battery is appallingREAD MORE;;;;
I am writing this review after using this phone for three weeks!Pros:1) Good Ergonomics. Pretty good to use with one hand.2) processing power is a good awesome.3) Camera is quite okay. But doesn’t compete with others when it comes to detail capturing.Cons:1) I am facing quite a lot of issue while surfing internet. It’s not the problem with my service provider. Same SIM card when inserted in other android device give good internet speed but when inserted in iPhone it doesn’t work!!!2) ...READ MORE;;;;
Battery 100% charged stands for 4 hrs only with minimal usage.READ MORE;;;;
Got third party data cable.which i saw after 2 months. so practically no option available for return.never purchase from flipkart. fuddu siteREAD MORE;;;;
Battery and display are insanely bad. Good camera and performance.READ MORE;;;;
Not yet all worth since battery back is not good.READ MORE;;;;
battery get very fast drain but over all niceREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile is just awesome.....!!!!But have to improve the battery backup.....!!!READ MORE;;;;
Have a damages in display edgeREAD MORE;;;;
the product is not working after using 5 months its physical buttons did not work and only screen worksREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile network and wifi is not workingREAD MORE;;;;
Very bad battery performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Giving the review after 1month and 6days of rough use..Battery capacity is obviously low but the feel in display and sensors are top notch ..Camera quality is good.It’s not a gaming phone..so be careful when you play pubgOverall.. It does the job✌️READ MORE;;;;
The phone has a manufacturing defect. The screen is not fitted properly and is uneven on the edges of the phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Battery problemREAD MORE;;;;
Its hanging up automatically some times.READ MORE;;;;
Not good as much as expectedREAD MORE;;;;
Overall product is good but battery backup is very poor. i am not satisfied with batterey.READ MORE;;;;
Just okREAD MORE;;;;
Charging is not working at allREAD MORE;;;;
Battery life is pathetic. At times need to put on charging twice in a day.. hopeless phone in terms of battery life.To start communicating with Siri you need to press the home key. What’s the use of such a feature??Didn’t feel value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Very small battery life and it drains out easily even if you don't do any hard gaming the phone is not worth the priceREAD MORE;;;;
Poor battery life. Other than that its fineREAD MORE;;;;
Not getting power adapter and airpodsREAD MORE;;;;
never thought that a phone can be too restrictive..u need to download extra app for each and every thing.  for example u need an app to delete contact.product also show some lag in functioning.READ MORE;;;;
Good for me who uses phone as when reqdREAD MORE;;;;
Battery not working goodREAD MORE;;;;
I am very disappointed..... After purchased 1 month later problem started repeatedly.. phone suddenly goes off and not turned on until hard reset.. problem occurring once or two three time daily.. seems iPhone SE2 is an unsuccessful model of Apple.. not recommended to buy to anyone.READ MORE;;;;
Good 👍READ MORE;;;;
Unfortunately iam received used mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Got costlier by 10K. Battery disappoints especially if you are outdoors in low network areas. Performance is good.READ MORE;;;;
Over all good phone but screen size is too small makes reading long articles too difficult.if phone usage is more dont go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Fantastic for 1st time usarREAD MORE;;;;
Too poor battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
Don’t buy this phone UselessREAD MORE;;;;
Good PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Bad experience 😡😡READ MORE;;;;
My charger is not working in a month's purchase! I don't believe thisREAD MORE;;;;
Indeed a great productREAD MORE;;;;
Battery performance is not good I just used my phone 36-37 days and my phone battery life is going 3% down very bad performance. My Battery cycle count is 33.READ MORE;;;;
Flipkart bigbillian day me buy kiya tha 25k best value battery good lite userREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is good except the battery.READ MORE;;;;
Battery health problemsMy charge usb problemREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is getting lot of heat while usingREAD MORE;;;;
Bad is the OS never allow us to use the storage space.Cost is high.But in hardware performance.READ MORE;;;;
Good priceREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is continuously draining !!!I have to charge my phone twice a day !!!READ MORE;;;;
Performance not good as expectedREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery everything is perfectREAD MORE;;;;
Battery performance is worse than iPhone 8READ MORE;;;;
My camera video quality is not all good..I am re-granting after purchasing .. i raise a complain waiting for the resolution.After doing multiple followup there is no resolution. They are just saying check with apple store😡😡😡Thanks Flipkart finally I got a replacement. Today it self on 29/11/2020.READ MORE;;;;
Feels like a old generation phone. Not for people who want to stay up to date on technology.READ MORE;;;;
My phone gets heated when location service is switched onREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone in this priceREAD MORE;;;;
The product gets heated quickly and battery is very poor. No earpods were includedREAD MORE;;;;
Battery draining issue in this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Within one week the phone stopped working. It will take 10_12 days to get it fixed from icare.😥READ MORE;;;;
Expect battery everything okay. Need to improve battety backupREAD MORE;;;;
Don’t buy this phone who are passionate about display size and battery life is very lowREAD MORE;;;;
The phone gets heated excessively when uber app is used. And this is the case when phone is brand new.READ MORE;;;;
VoLTE not supportedREAD MORE;;;;
Butter then other phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Poor battery life makes this phone a bad choice. Go for other phones which offer better features in the same price segmentREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile phone good but Headset not hearing is damaged in mike and volume adjust areaREAD MORE;;;;
my first iphone....READ MORE;;;;
I met a software bug with this product. Sometimes when i record voice note on whatsapp the time and battery percentage on the screen vanishes..  sensor not working properly.READ MORE;;;;
There was a big problem wich i have in this fon hot spot was  not connect from this deviseREAD MORE;;;;
Worst mobile everREAD MORE;;;;
Don't buy due to over heating and used products send meREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Just bought it and the speakers are not working properly...READ MORE;;;;
Providing two stars for wrong advertising. The product listing states EarPods are included but only wired ear phones are included. Product is amaZing!!!READ MORE;;;;
Defective peace sold by FlipkartSee the mic which is improper pastingREAD MORE;;;;
Battery back up is poorOnly 5hour Camera quality is not as much expectedREAD MORE;;;;
REFURBISHED MOBILE  NOT SATISFIED VERY BADREAD MORE;;;;
very badREAD MORE;;;;
NOt comfartREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is worst!Don’t go for it if you need more battery life.Rest are awesome!READ MORE;;;;
performance is too badREAD MORE;;;;
Not goodREAD MORE;;;;
data back up and transferring was a problem with icloudREAD MORE;;;;
This  phone  some  kind of issue  i think  online  buy  this  phone  Little  dangerousREAD MORE;;;;
Battery charging time 2.15mins and battery just long lasting for 15 hrs for just calls and Fb..Battery is very very badREAD MORE;;;;
Battery wasteREAD MORE;;;;
Dont buy unless u want a good battery u have to charge 2 time without use it u have normal use u have to charge thrice in a day...rest all fineREAD MORE;;;;
Hated itREAD MORE;;;;
Everything ok but build quality is bad easily sides are scratched 🥺😞READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Front camera died with in one month.New peace which i bought last monthREAD MORE;;;;
Not worth BuyingREAD MORE;;;;
battery drained too fastREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone and built quality is also an amazing phone look awesome very hand phone and proccesore is so fast and value for money and this phone make you happy areREAD MORE;;;;
Just averageREAD MORE;;;;
The iphone se is very good the lack is battery life for new users for iphone world this is okay phone.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is very nice And feel very good in hand Battery is decent Upto 3hrs back upREAD MORE;;;;
My phone is not charging after using 20 days..READ MORE;;;;
BetterREAD MORE;;;;
1. Good ram management.2. Battery performance just average.(below average if considering the price) 3. Camera is decent. 4. Network reception is fine. 5. Considered to buy this for the long term software support and good processor.READ MORE;;;;
very poor battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
All time battery about to dieREAD MORE;;;;
One side speaker not workingREAD MORE;;;;
My issue heating problem this itemREAD MORE;;;;
Very low quality camera & display. Worthless & cheap product.READ MORE;;;;
Best price 👍👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
I took iPhone SE on big billion day the phone is working slow and performance is worst...READ MORE;;;;
iPhone no one is likeREAD MORE;;;;
Those who are adapted for Android can't survive in apple as Android is much easy handy to use now. So many functions in android is done by one touch in Apple number of touch increased. About phone battery is worst you need to charge 3 times a day.  Screen is not full HD and size is also feels small in this era. Positive things are it's a Apple phone small slim light weight main is A13 bionic chip. Camera is also good.READ MORE;;;;
Poor screen and poor battery life and poor charging speed old design but performance is excellentREAD MORE;;;;
Delivery was late and after use of just two weeks front speaker stop working. Every time I have to take call on speakers.Not expecting such kind of issues from Apple but it's true. Very disappointed by Apple n flipcartREAD MORE;;;;
Camera quality of SE2020 is very poor as compared to iPhone 7...I have both but after double tap pictures start blurring....On the same time picture clicked by iphone 7 does not blurr on double tap......was not expecting this quality of camera from Apple.READ MORE;;;;
Battary health decreased so quickly it become 98% in just 20 daysREAD MORE;;;;
Battery very poorREAD MORE;;;;
Battery drains fasterREAD MORE;;;;
Love iphone but it take time to understand itREAD MORE;;;;
Not buy plzREAD MORE;;;;
Network signal reception is poor . Earlier I thought Vodafone issue and then swapped with Jio and checked Vodafone in another phone. Turned out this phone has the signal issue. It shows only 1 barREAD MORE;;;;
Good but battery is very weak...READ MORE;;;;
Small Display poor battery  good camera fast mobile good lookREAD MORE;;;;
Charge doesn't last more than 8 hoursREAD MORE;;;;
Low battery conditionREAD MORE;;;;
The camera is superb but the only issues i face are the size and battery is too bad.READ MORE;;;;
Battery drains so fastREAD MORE;;;;
Recently I shifted from android software to  iOS I have noticed some drawbacks about  this isBattery performanceMainly if you are using iPhones you should have a battery backup . This looks like sarcatisic but it is real Iam a heavy user and install many apps for which my phone hardly gives 6hrs battery backup which is drawback to me Screen sizeWhen compare to other phones iphone se comes with small screen where you can’t enjoy games and films but the appearance is good Performance is...READ MORE;;;;
Good But price haiREAD MORE;;;;
While using in data and in calls this phone is overheating....READ MORE;;;;
It isn't a great option .....if you don't care about ios go for an android that will give you more value or go with iphone 11....not this one 🖤READ MORE;;;;
Speaker sound not clear in market areasREAD MORE;;;;
Poor batteryREAD MORE;;;;
It's good but the only issue with it is battery. It drains too quickly.READ MORE;;;;
capacitive touch isn't good at all..there is a lag when it comes to using keypadREAD MORE;;;;
This phone on Flipkart took more than one week from the committed delivery time.No one bother what is going on dispite calling customer care for four time nothing come out of it. I was suppose to gift it on 21/10/2020 but delivered on 26/10/2020 and packeging of the product was pathatic.Disappointed!!!!READ MORE;;;;
Mobile not working properly after 15 daysREAD MORE;;;;
Not able to use Apple TV and Apple Music due to login issuesREAD MORE;;;;
Received defective item nd unable to return the item even it was under return windowREAD MORE;;;;
Purchased on 16-oct-2020 in BBD and sell today (3-nov-2020) only coz of display size and battery and also if you want to switch whatsap data into i phone so it is officially not available. so thats all my 15 days useage experinace with i phone SE. but you will love its user experianceREAD MORE;;;;
The bottom left side speakers are not working. This is very disappointing.READ MORE;;;;
If any body want to buy this phone please think about battery it is decreasing very fastREAD MORE;;;;
Haven't received the gst invoice inspite of number of requests made... Highly disappointed...READ MORE;;;;
Battery side very weekREAD MORE;;;;
Good product but battery level very poor. Got at good price. But not satisfied with its performance...READ MORE;;;;
Battery sucks...My charging point weeps a lot after this came to ....READ MORE;;;;
Nice product..READ MORE;;;;
Very good phone per battery lowREAD MORE;;;;
battery very very badREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is a big issueREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect update from iPhone 6READ MORE;;;;
Ok qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Good value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Battery heats up on call/video call...speaker voice is low for callREAD MORE;;;;
phone screen not workingREAD MORE;;;;
2nd hand phone receivedProblems started after 2 weeks of usageREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
I had lot of expections on this mobile but it disappointed me..... battery drains up very quickly always I need to run back of charging. Cost of mobile is ok ....only thing we go by brand but they cheat us....not satisfied.....READ MORE;;;;
Not gud i need return my amountREAD MORE;;;;
Good itemREAD MORE;;;;
Most of the time the message we get is that the mobile is switched offREAD MORE;;;;
It doesn't show call log.battery performance also worst...READ MORE;;;;
Best phone for people who love a small and handy phone.and price is too good and buy it for the camera features apple offers you .you are getting premium features and you won't get disappointed using se.dont go by the size of displays. even the 10 inch android  phones are far inferior in long run to this se.Buy and preserver it as it is last iphone to have physical button.ios last and perform much better than any high end Android. But and gift it to your loved onesREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is very poorREAD MORE;;;;
i ordered product service quality everything is good but the charger i get it get heat very fast durning chargingREAD MORE;;;;
Sensor notfunctioning well.READ MORE;;;;
Recd defective product and now am being made to run from pillar to post for replacementREAD MORE;;;;
Faulty piece delivered.  Battery is not holding up for even half a day.READ MORE;;;;
Do not ever but costly phone this app . My phone get problem within week and I can't even replaced it fking sideREAD MORE;;;;
Very poor battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
Worst battery backup. Don't purchase this mobile guy's it's waste of your harden money..READ MORE;;;;
Not so goodREAD MORE;;;;
So bed for battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
Got the set but adopter is not working .No satisfactory response from service centre at Kolkata.READ MORE;;;;
Quickly getting heatREAD MORE;;;;
Very poor qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Not bad phoneREAD MORE;;;;
No music acces no downloadREAD MORE;;;;
The vibrate functionality was defective. Phone doesnt vibrate on silent mode and flipkart disagreed to exchange.READ MORE;;;;
I thought mobile would be of large size but it wasn't I got smalller one mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Worst experience at flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
A13 chip little bit lag and battery backup very poor even Idle time also half day olyREAD MORE;;;;
Very hopeless... microphone unserviceable.READ MORE;;;;
Over all good but delivery time so longREAD MORE;;;;
Nice but battery is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery performance same as other previous iphone like 6 or 6sREAD MORE;;;;
Small size and have an powerful processor.The main disappointment of the mobile is battery backup. If you have an heavy user you have to charge twice to thrice a day.READ MORE;;;;
Phone is good in this price... but battery is major problemREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
in aall aspects it is good but if you want to convert from android to iphone in upcoming years then take a look at it because it is good as it containns all the accessories in the boxREAD MORE;;;;
bettery beckup not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Bad batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Not as expected.. battery issue..READ MORE;;;;
Phone is awesome but Flipkart delivery is very poor.READ MORE;;;;
Worst Flipkart delivery experience otherwise phone is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Device get issue on next dayREAD MORE;;;;
Overall performance....is awesome.. except battery life... worst then any other iPhone...in the lineupREAD MORE;;;;
Battery too bad.READ MORE;;;;
According to me only issue is battery drains very fast..READ MORE;;;;
Battery is too poor. Got Deal at 29999 for 128 GB. CAMARA and iphone Built Quility is supperb only issue with battery.READ MORE;;;;
Phone performance is more than average but battery sucks will not last for the whole day in case of medium or heavy usage. Phone has fast charging capability but does not come with fast charger. Buy only if iPhone is your necessity and you have budget constraint.READ MORE;;;;
We are getting dupilicate products from flipkark the phone got   battery problem not get charged very bad from flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
I surprice accessories are missing and flipcart replacement request rejected i did not like this behavior of flipcartREAD MORE;;;;
Phone performance is good except batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Don't go for it.READ MORE;;;;
Waste !!READ MORE;;;;
Everything is good interms of performance Flipkart charged me extra .i have  exchanged my phone and I bought the se . My phone was good interms of condition but they charged extra. Very much dispointed with flipkart .READ MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is very poor for at this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Quality of display is not good when compared to 6sAnd also speaker sound quality also not good.READ MORE;;;;
Phone is not working properly it's getting hang sometimeREAD MORE;;;;
Worst battery performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Best iPhone for 26k value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Headphone is not working properly.READ MORE;;;;
Exchange my phoneREAD MORE;;;;
If there was rating for battery in minus I would have rated it -2/10READ MORE;;;;
There is no iphone logo in iphone seREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
waste of time and money with flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Not anywhere near the Apple mark of quality especially so in the battery capacity.Out of the box battery needs to charge 2 times in a day. On Average battery lasts 6 hours only.READ MORE;;;;
Mobile is good value for money but the problem in battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
Heating up more Often!! Don't Go for it..Battery Sucks!!READ MORE;;;;
Not GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Charger quality very bad..they send me local charger..READ MORE;;;;
Don't purchases.... Not good... I can OK...READ MORE;;;;
The only best part about the phone is the camera and the display. Otherwise for the price tag you have lot better one's in the market. For someone who wants to own an iphone as a status quo but can't afford to spend much this phone is the only option As it is loaded with their latest high end chip.Battery is the worst part if your are a hard user. If you are a soft user like using the phone only to lift calls and reply for text it serves the purpose. If u leave the phone with data and witho...READ MORE;;;;
Battery very poorREAD MORE;;;;
I got a defective product and no support from flipkart.I had to go to apple gallery they also did not give me new product I had to get the diplay and touch replaced on a new phone!!!!!!!READ MORE;;;;
Good ✌️✌️✌️READ MORE;;;;
Not work properly the phone goes restart again and againREAD MORE;;;;
Battery drained to almost 9% within one day of buying and it drains without using the iphone also.READ MORE;;;;
Battery back up is very worstREAD MORE;;;;
Good ...for this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Battery back up is very bad😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡READ MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is good but seller is not appropriate..READ MORE;;;;
You are fool if you buy any products from flipkart.. I got damaged screenREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is worstREAD MORE;;;;
Its GdREAD MORE;;;;
Received a genuine new model and the only issue is the battery life. Run it on iOS 13 only.READ MORE;;;;
I dislike it's small screen and small battery. If you are shifting from android phones you will miss these two things most. Isn't it reasonable to expect at par screen size and battery after shelling out 2 to 3 times more than similer android.Further i am facing one more issue. It is delivering unique notification like sound at random intervals whithout any actual notification. I disabled all notifications but it is not working. Seems either the seller has dumped faulty sets during this big...READ MORE;;;;
It is value for money if you can compromise with the batteryOverall phone is a beast but when it comes to battery it will disappoint youREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is patheticREAD MORE;;;;
this phone is very bad totaly waste of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile is goodBattery backup is bad Mobile performance goodPrice is high Purchase price 28000 very high suitable price 15000 to 20000 hona chahiyeREAD MORE;;;;
The I phone se2 that I bought 5days before have. a problem of microphone while sending voice message though WhatsApp.the reciver not able hear the voice clearly it happeneds frequently.please give a reply for the problems that I am facingREAD MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Heat problemREAD MORE;;;;
If you have enough time to waste in Updating and configuring many many things..You are welcome to buy..Android is thousand time betterREAD MORE;;;;
Screen stuck on call screen. Flipkart denied for replacement and apple can't be able to fix this issue.READ MORE;;;;
All good but the home button and touch is badREAD MORE;;;;
Worst batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Its hanging in just 2 days...READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup is patheticREAD MORE;;;;
Bettry is very poor backup only 4 hours continue use play video and etc bettry is drain fastREAD MORE;;;;
Worst phone ever used it is horrible to see its battery percentage since it drains like water.service is also worst and the product is also worstREAD MORE;;;;
Waste of moneyIf you are a android userThen don't buy ios and apple os products.Very very bad.My total money is wasted for buying to this i phone.Half day battery life.Waster of money.READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup is very poor charging speed also slowREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is very poor. It will not last for a day. Need to charge twice in a day if we have more data and callsREAD MORE;;;;
over-all performance is good.... Battery kills all your money.READ MORE;;;;
Not badREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product but Esim not properly supported range issueREAD MORE;;;;
Product if good but Flipkart service and customer support has become very bad not only bad it is worse ..very very disappointedREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is very worst!READ MORE;;;;
Battery capacity problemREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first iPhone...phone is awesome but got heated at excessive useREAD MORE;;;;
I received a quality of product. But providing  with low and very poor quality of packaging and headphone case are not available they just used paper maunted.I hope apple not do the silly mistake which affect their brand.READ MORE;;;;
Camera is very poor .. other wise very handy product but not up to markREAD MORE;;;;
Good but not extra ordinaryREAD MORE;;;;
Superb mobile but battery capacity is very low !READ MORE;;;;
I got mobile just 7hours back device is overheatingREAD MORE;;;;
Very bad productREAD MORE;;;;
It is a good phone :)READ MORE;;;;
No Battery back up in this product.READ MORE;;;;
Battery performance is very poor.READ MORE;;;;
Horrible experience in battery. After 22days battery health health decreases to 98%. Even Getting hot when listening music. Please don’t buy this phone. Go to Pixel 4a.Update: 17/01/21 Battery health down to 95% ie just after three months of usage battery health lost 5%. Please only one problem in this iPhone is battery. Otherwise everything is great. Battery drain more quickly if used in outdoor conditions.READ MORE;;;;
Waste of money don’t buy battery to much heating will using phone photos also not much satisfyingREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is fine except battery....very disappointed with it...READ MORE;;;;
Amazing product but battery drain what  in standby alsoREAD MORE;;;;
Bought second iPhone SE2. Simply superbREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is very bad....READ MORE;;;;
The received product is defectiveREAD MORE;;;;
Not as I expectedREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phone good in sizeREAD MORE;;;;
I wanna refund right nowREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Great iphone Superb performance Only battery issueREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is little hittingREAD MORE;;;;
Purchase only throughout big billion days....not other thanREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phone but siri is not working.READ MORE;;;;
As good as all the iphones before it but for the fact there is no slot for earphone/av .2. After using for 2 months faced the following issues which I have never faced with the iphone 4s - 1) bluetooth connectivity leaves much to be desired & 2) does not detect wifi  promptly once again totally unlike the older iphones. Overall a dissatisfactory experience.READ MORE;;;;
Heating problemREAD MORE;;;;
BetterREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is awesome 👌 -----------But Battery Backup's very poor 👎👎👎👎👎!!!!!READ MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup is too low as 5 years old iPhone 7 modal’ 80% battery healthREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is too much poorREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is good except the battery back up.. even though I hardly use it .. I had to charge it atleast twice a day . And with 5watt charger this is terrible . Netwrork reception is also not good .READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup of the phone is very poor.READ MORE;;;;
Vary bad batteryREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
I will pay 38900 and after 2 months its price is 25000 in big billion days sellREAD MORE;;;;
In one word AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Heating issues with 20+ minutes usage!READ MORE;;;;
Recieved a dead on arrival phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Battery drain very fast .some time finger print lock doesn’t work .something problem about this mobileREAD MORE;;;;
What I feel is 1. Camera 3 star2. Value of Money 4 star3. Sound 4 star4. Battery 2 starSome times finger print touch will not work (Only for some times not always) like for 100 touches 5 to 6 will not workoverall an okay productREAD MORE;;;;
Need improvementREAD MORE;;;;
Battery Backup is Not So goodREAD MORE;;;;
Facing some heating problem and the battery is draining fastREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is worst....i didn't expect thatREAD MORE;;;;
Looks and quality is good but battery backup is very badREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing  camera loved the smoothness.READ MORE;;;;
Not able to turn on the phoneREAD MORE;;;;
qwertyREAD MORE;;;;
Bought this during big billion days and my earphones stopped working in two days. There's no return nor replacement policy. This sucks.READ MORE;;;;
The poorest choice I have made to purchase an iPhone SE. There worst thing is its battery back up. It drains so fast even without any use. I have noticed its battery drains minute by minute even if it is not being used. So Frnds beware of this before buying this phone. There is no return or replacement facility for this phone as well.READ MORE;;;;
Very bad mobile. Worst of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
For call speaker is not workingREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is the only issue..READ MORE;;;;
Best affordable iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Less battery backup. Obviously compared with other 5000mah mobiles. Overall performance is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Not valuedREAD MORE;;;;
the battery is very bad this phone and the second thing is not value for money .READ MORE;;;;
Weak point is battery.READ MORE;;;;
Battery is worst Gamer is going to regret if they buy this Overall I love camera Screen should be little bigger atleast 5.4 inchREAD MORE;;;;
Poor batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Camera is poorREAD MORE;;;;
PoorREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup very poorREAD MORE;;;;
Front cam is not clearREAD MORE;;;;
Received defective item Please don't buy from flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Very bad and very cheap practices during purchase of this phone from flipkart side..never expectedREAD MORE;;;;
Wonderful except batteryREAD MORE;;;;
It is okay ! To use but the battry point is too weak .😌READ MORE;;;;
Best for camera and processer.READ MORE;;;;
The phone does not serve for basic function of receiving and making calls. Its ear-piece is not functioning. The voice received is not clear and laudible. it is absolute  noise in ears and does not feel like talking. Hence i am using my old iphone 8.Flipkart requested to replace the defective iphone se 2020 with a good one with same specs and same model.READ MORE;;;;
GreatREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome experience with iPhone seREAD MORE;;;;
phone i good but while playing audio screen got vibrate . if any one facing same issue plz commentREAD MORE;;;;
Worse decision ever i made is to buy this phone. Never go for iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Product looks good and very well put together well by Apple (materials are high end)- compared to android phones at 25k [Glastic (cough) samsung ]. Phone usage/battery backup is only for light to medium users to get through the full day.READ MORE;;;;
Most beutyfull cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Tha charging speed is very poor it should charge full battery in hour..but it take 2 hours approx for 100%charge.charging is not upgradedREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is draining too HighREAD MORE;;;;
The worst mobile in the series of Apple history....don't buy it..too worst mobile.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone but very small in sizeREAD MORE;;;;
Gave poor review for Flipkart because they reduced the value of my old phone for exchange when there were no scratches at all. Pathetic by Flipkart regarding product exchange.READ MORE;;;;
Phone has serious heating issues don’t buy this cheap iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Battery  backup too badREAD MORE;;;;
Charging speed is too slowREAD MORE;;;;
Your seller and courier partner is fraud I order i phone SE  but when i am receive the box under i found 2 stones not my phone or box and not any accessoriesMy 1st experience with Flipkart is very bad And your customer support team is not solve my problem Please help Flipkart i am a middle class family student my mummy try to gift me this phoneBut this is very bad incident i faced I request you all Flipkart team please help meREAD MORE;;;;
Buttery backup very bad…after 6 months use . Other side is very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Only battery pourREAD MORE;;;;
very poor battery performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Screen size should be increased And main problem is battery mhREAD MORE;;;;
Camera is not good when you do zoom.READ MORE;;;;
I received the product in a very shabby condition. The box was damaged and scribbled badly. I never expected this from such a renowned company.READ MORE;;;;
Average phone. Price dropped by 12k within 40days. Not worth the price.READ MORE;;;;
Not gud phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very bad battery performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Waste of money. Dont buy this. Avg performance. Battery drained 60% for watching 25min Netflix video.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
I had hotspot and wifi issues from the very first day. I wasn't satisfied with the phone at all. It's not value for money clearly. I had to sell it on olx within a month.READ MORE;;;;
Not a good product I feel cheatedREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Wastage of money....That is why rate got reduced sharply during sale.READ MORE;;;;
Don’t buy it will become SamsunREAD MORE;;;;
Often hanging issue. Less performance while comparing old SE model.READ MORE;;;;
Battery drains very fast.READ MORE;;;;
Very BadREAD MORE;;;;
Don't ever try to buy this phone.READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup very lowREAD MORE;;;;
For normal use twice a day charge. I have used all the apple models from 3 but this is worst in terms of battery backup. All Other features and options are great.READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup is worst.READ MORE;;;;
Keep power bank or chargers with u always..Performance camera quality built quality superb First time user of iphone now NO ANDROID only appleREAD MORE;;;;
Apple lovers will definitely like it. I love the simple to use interface and most of the required apps are built in hence gives a feeling of security. Its fast and excellent. Only issue is battery. Apple must improve the battery of every phone they are bringing in.Just 3-4 hrs of screen time. Though I don’t play any games or have FB or Instagram.READ MORE;;;;
apple phones are the most overrated thing you can get.READ MORE;;;;
I am not happy the way you treat with your customers. Without solve any problem you just said resolvedREAD MORE;;;;
Poor battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
Worst phoneREAD MORE;;;;
After use of 1 month battery capacity decreased to 98%READ MORE;;;;
WasteREAD MORE;;;;
The battery drains very quickly and the phone also heats up.READ MORE;;;;
All are ok except battery. General use also not standing for a day. Wherever i go i need to take charger. Even going to office.READ MORE;;;;
Some time touch not working ....READ MORE;;;;
Everything is excellent except battery After 100% charging it last up to 24hour to 0%Charging take around 2.5 hourREAD MORE;;;;
ProsPerformance is goodTouchpad really good ConsBattery Not value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Very worst phone battery is like dead even though if we don’t use data after 100 percentIt remains for only 3 to 5 hours waste of money buying itREAD MORE;;;;
BIGGEST CON- charging 0-100 takes almost 2 and a half hour as we get only 5 watt charger inside the box.READ MORE;;;;
OK for entry-level apple user. DO NOT BUY SMALL SCREEN APPLE MOBILE. WASTE OF MONEY. NO RESELLING VALUE. Those who like to enjoy Apple ecosystem with a minimum amount of money may opt this. But with the latest processor and without any other (display. Camera etc) advanced options may be the negative point one has to decide before buying.READ MORE;;;;
Very bad battery discharge within 4hrs.READ MORE;;;;
Don't buy it. Battery drains in 3 hours. I am very disappointed. I bought it but in normal usage battery drains in 3 hours. But if you use for only calling it will last 8 toh 10 hours. Its the worst phone apple has ever launchedREAD MORE;;;;
Got full chaina product. After pay game having heating issue everytime. Very disappointed with this productREAD MORE;;;;
Wrost phone of apple ever.The battery and display quality is wrost.READ MORE;;;;
Please dont buy iphone se its cheaper but so many hardware and software issues if You can afford buy higher model as ita not wortg of itREAD MORE;;;;
its bad mobile because whatever i open app its close immediatelyREAD MORE;;;;
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT FROM FLIPKARTREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery drains very quicklyREAD MORE;;;;
Outstanding performance love itREAD MORE;;;;
Battery health is 97 in like 10 days wth appleREAD MORE;;;;
Within a month charger didn’t work ......READ MORE;;;;
Battery doesn’t last even for a day. Bad purchase.READ MORE;;;;
Battery is one of the worst part here.READ MORE;;;;
Battery is poor and camera is okayishREAD MORE;;;;
My earphones stopped to work within a week kf purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Get defective mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is good but ear phones are pathetic...It worked only for two days after that they stopped working. Please help  !! Can they be replaced ????READ MORE;;;;
Battery is very badREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is not good. I buy it from flip kart a month ago. I am not sure what is the issue but it constantly restarting.READ MORE;;;;
Guys I was a android user for past 5 years.Just to try what's so special in IOS I have bought iPhone Se2.Its been 1.5 months I am using this phone.Pros.1.)The single camera is good and gets the job done for normal photos and good videos in day time.In night or low light the camera struggles.But still the day light Photos are excellent and videos. At 1080P 60fps is really worth it.2.)The main reason for buying this phone is A13 bionic.Yes this chip is worth the money but it's very power hun...READ MORE;;;;
Battary issueREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is looking little old Camera and sounds is okayIt was dusty when I openedREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is not charging at all and it has not turned on.READ MORE;;;;
Serious issues with Network. I have a strong WiFi at work and home but often the device fails to connect or loses connection.READ MORE;;;;
After one week ph has problems how to trust online productREAD MORE;;;;
It is overheating without even actively using the item.READ MORE;;;;
Same phone with 3000mah and full display will make this as world's best phone. Performance is excellent and size is comfortable.READ MORE;;;;
Only drawback of this phone is the battery. But what more you can expect in this form factor?READ MORE;;;;
Worst in Battery optimisation Everything is at its best except Batter lifeREAD MORE;;;;
I would never recommend to purchase anything from flipkart. They gave given me faulty device. Battery draining like hell. I charge battery to 90-98% and in just one hour it goes down to 38% also phone heats up so much that you can not hold it. Highly disappointed.READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup weaknessREAD MORE;;;;
On a whole a good phone but battery is even worse than iPhone 8 hence had to change within a month of purchase.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Poor battery lifePoorest receiver sensitivity both for 4g nd wifiVery slow chargingREAD MORE;;;;
Good product but battery backup is poorREAD MORE;;;;
Received Non-working from.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone but battery backup is not as claimed by Apple as well as my specific device gets heated soon. Not so happyREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone but a bit costlyREAD MORE;;;;
Battery not enough for one day usage. Disappointed from AppleREAD MORE;;;;
It is just a brandREAD MORE;;;;
The battery capacity is too low and the phone is not a budget phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone only if it’s the battery had been better to last a day at least .READ MORE;;;;
Charging utterflapREAD MORE;;;;
Getting heated. Need to opt for replacementREAD MORE;;;;
Worst OS ever seen.10k priced android phone is better than this phone having IOS. Worthless phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Overall good but battery drain faster not recommended for Gamer and rough user.READ MORE;;;;
Horrible battery. Please don’t buy.READ MORE;;;;
Only good not bestREAD MORE;;;;
Worst batteryBattery backup same as iphone 6 No improvement in terms of batteryOtherwise it's a very good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Not satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
I have received a faulty piece of the phone the speaker of the phone is not working properly and I cannot exchange the phone alsoREAD MORE;;;;
Call sensor very dead slow workingREAD MORE;;;;
Poor product.. horrible battery performanceApple ke naam par Kalank haiDisappointed with SEREAD MORE;;;;
Worst battery for this phone.Seems somthing faulty in this battery. Below than average performance of battery.Looking for replacemnet of same product.READ MORE;;;;
Battery health went to 95% in 4 months . Battery backup max 3hrs in normal usage🤬🤬READ MORE;;;;
Over heated and caution msg was showing on screenREAD MORE;;;;
Size compatible with user friendly..READ MORE;;;;
Great great phone but battery backup is below average :(READ MORE;;;;
Very disappointed with the size and look. Didn't expect SE look so bad as compared to my iPhone 11READ MORE;;;;
Battery performance very badREAD MORE;;;;
Overall Good but should not be that much expensive. I bought this at 41500 RS.READ MORE;;;;
When I press the home button the down part is vibratingREAD MORE;;;;
battery is poorREAD MORE;;;;
Nice one only issue is battery backup..!!READ MORE;;;;
Very poor battery quality ...READ MORE;;;;
Best camera phone but wrost battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
Very little batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Nice Apple branded phone in budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Not working fast displayREAD MORE;;;;
Not great battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
If you want have iphone then you definitely go for it Now.READ MORE;;;;
FoolishREAD MORE;;;;
Very poor battery backup.READ MORE;;;;
Battery not goodREAD MORE;;;;
App gets crashed up very frequently. Facing real problem in using Whats app and GPay etc... Pathetic...READ MORE;;;;
Proximity sensors not workingREAD MORE;;;;
Not good for the people who is heavy user as battery drains very fast. Battery do not last for day. Have to keep charger always with u...READ MORE;;;;
Battery is fast drainingREAD MORE;;;;
Buying an iPhone first time in my life was really excited but the type of model of SEi is not giving edge to other androids as the battery life is really poor the some how the system is working slow.did not understand is it an I phoneREAD MORE;;;;
EarPods not working properlyREAD MORE;;;;
I’m not satisfied with the battery performance.battery performance  should be better.Rest is good mast awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
There is a battery problem which creates disturbance so that not good nothingREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Nothing Great. Same like iPhone 6. Rather save your money and buy iPhone 7.READ MORE;;;;
Some observations after using for a month.1. The battery is barely adequate for a day of moderate usage.2. Charging speed can be improved.3. Sound & Camera is very good(front & rear both) as you have already seen in other reviews.4. Not sure about others but my phone gets heat up while on call or recording videos.5. The phone body is SExy.READ MORE;;;;
Bakwas productREAD MORE;;;;
Sound quality was not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is good and having Iphone experience is satisfying. But there is no screen gaurd and back cover (atleast for temporary use). Selling such premium product without these necessary component. Now due to lockdown it is taking hell lot of time for flipkart to deliver back cover and other stuffs too.READ MORE;;;;
Some issue may be raise:- 1. Battery backup not good 2. On vibration mode home button vibrate too much.3. Almost similar as I phone 6.READ MORE;;;;
Some little scratches on displayREAD MORE;;;;
Defective headphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Display is too small and battery is max 20 hrsREAD MORE;;;;
Bad purchase in 2020 .. the battery is too small for the heavy applications we are used to now .. it may have been ok in 2017 when iPhone 8 came in but is insignificant now .. also the display quality isn’t up to markREAD MORE;;;;
Battery has badREAD MORE;;;;
My iphone Se has poor sound quality while hearingREAD MORE;;;;
Not good...READ MORE;;;;
Heating issueREAD MORE;;;;
Average Mobile but price is too much...READ MORE;;;;
Good product but not great.READ MORE;;;;
Sound is not coming loud on callREAD MORE;;;;
The only thing bad is battery backup. But every thing is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Expensive phone... rest all is goodREAD MORE;;;;
During charging charger and phone become very hot and burning smell come from charger how can i replace my phone or return button not sowing pleas helpREAD MORE;;;;
iphone not activatedREAD MORE;;;;
Poor battery back up and heating issue. It got heated during charging and calls. Buy only if you are a moderate user. Go for 11 if you want actual experience.READ MORE;;;;
Battery quality is very badREAD MORE;;;;
Poor battery performance an unstable software/ hardware .Note I own Other iPhone models too since 2010 but this is most pathetic handsetREAD MORE;;;;
This product is heating maximum timeREAD MORE;;;;
Battery life is very bad. Just stands for 7 to 8 hrs.READ MORE;;;;
need more batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Worst phone and battery life better you by iphone 6 worst service by FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
No value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is small and would not be a proper fit for gamers and heavy users. Size should have been atleast 5 inch and battery should have been Atleast 3000 mAh.READ MORE;;;;
Bad batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is just ok ok.Performance is superb but battery just doesn’t support it.Very low battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
Bad batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup is very badREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup very very disappointedREAD MORE;;;;
Battery doesn’t last for a day. I charged it in morning and the battery didn’t last till night. It was drained till eveningREAD MORE;;;;
Its charing cable is faultyREAD MORE;;;;
Not satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Small phone at this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Heating issues even after latest update and rapid battery drainREAD MORE;;;;
Not satisfied with the battery and performanceREAD MORE;;;;
