Great camera for pics and videos Battery life is good so far with some setting turn of which i never use and when i use i turn those on and i use it in power saving mode all the time so a full day with light gaming of 1hr or more using camera for 1hr or more listening music in my car on youtube and Bluetooth on for couple of hours it gives me full day of battery varing from 4/5 to 6/7 hours sot per dayPerformance is top notch plays every game and every task with easeVery premium phone look...READ MORE;;;;
Great device. Let me tell the Pros..1. Superb build quality 2. Great display. 3. Camera is great in good lighting conditions 4. Processing is great. 5. Sound is superb. 6. Call quality is great. 7. Red colour looks superb.8. Portrait mode photography is Superb.READ MORE;;;;
This is my second iphone after iphone 4s. I’ve been a long time android user in between. I’ll tell you who this phone is for. Prospective buyers can then decide1. For photo and video enthusiasts. Very reliable camera. Fast and excellent picture quality. Videos are absolutely stable and professional quality. You would be amazed how many people shoot Youtube videos on an iPhone. The only downside is that the display doesn’t do justice to the photos and videos you have taken. Night photos are ...READ MORE;;;;
Mobile is very handy. Packed with good performances and nice camera. This is my first iPhone. Very good experience with Apple. Battery is worst. I am hardly getting 5 hours screen on time.  Positive thing is I came to know how many hours I was spending on my mobile. Because of poor battery now I am only using mobile for 4 hours a day.READ MORE;;;;
As always compact and handy ... with good image stability 4K gives amazing experience Battery capacity is little poor .. it’s worth buying on this budget..4/5 my ratingREAD MORE;;;;
Finally most awaited first iPhone came within 3 days of order iPhone SE in one line A powerful performance in compact design and affordable ratesFirst iPhone in life where you compare each and every functionality with your previous android phone.Pros * Powerful chip at affordable price * Suitable who want to back to having experience of compact screen phone without bazzels.* Powerful camera experience with A13 Bionic chip image processing power* My personally favourite I always pref...READ MORE;;;;
Most amazing camera in iphone 👌 that is my personal ask I'm Finally buy my First i phone and that latest processor and All new things amazed you it's sooo Handy and enjoyable to Use. And beat other I phones now so enjoyed it.READ MORE;;;;
Got it yesterday 11 June ordered on 30may seller shipped on 7 June What’s happening Flipkart ? Coming to the phone. I switched from my old Se .CAMERA: it’s just Awesome in every way but those portraits lighting effects are of no use obviously mostly they won’t be used by anyone BATTERY: it’s just average it only remains for 6 to 8 hours of moderate usage DISPLAY: coming from four inch screen to 4.7 I feel like it’s huge and fair enough ( I always prefer compact phones ) Touch ID : it’s...READ MORE;;;;
For ppl who prefer small displays this is the ryt choice neat n clean  top notch performance ......FOR THOSE WHO R CONCERNED ABOUT BATTERY This has 1821mAh battery but combined with a13 chip efficency is top notch . Use 10W charger which comes with ipad or buy separately within 45 mins phone charger from 0-80% The 5w included in box is waste good for nothing. Switch off optimised battery charging under battery health settings so 80-100% will b charged quickly.I use social media apps l...READ MORE;;;;
This is the first iPhone I hv bought .. It’s bit diff for me using this first first as for so many years I hv been using android.. but I am actually liking it .. The camera omg it’s really awesome .. like it feels classy using this .. Battery is also as of now good enough .. I am writing this review after using it for 40 days.. if anyone is thinking of buying this pls go for it .. Thanks.READ MORE;;;;
I really love to use ios😍..Apple is my Favourite brand 🔥... I really love this phone. It was easy to hold and It was very fast processing mobile. In Future I will always purchase Apple mobile😍 Thank You Apple and Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
best compact phone i ever have.It has pretty good camera and performance.I have iphone 11pro but now i fall in love with this phone.Best phone👍👍.Go for it if u love small size phone👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Honestly best package from apple. Super handy. I don't like big phones. This phone is perfect for me and would definately recommend to everybody. If you compare antutu and geekbench scores with of iphone 11; this easily beats the iphone 11.READ MORE;;;
Very good phone for regular usage camera is outstanding with A13 boinic chip. Value for money set. Battery is not that much perfect but over all a good and handy smartphone i had ever seen.READ MORE;;;;
Update : I’m getting close to 7 hrs screen on time on single charge. Of course without any games. Everything is good except battery and Night camera capabilities.Performance is top notchI’m using Motorola power delivery charger with usb c to lightning cable to fast charge it.Brought motorola usb c power delivery charger for my iPhone SE 2020I’m using this along with Amazonbasics usb c to lightening cable.Its awesome and following are the charging stats :15 min 0 to 30%27 min 0 to 50...READ MORE;;;;
As always compact and handy ... with good image stability 4K gives amazing experience Battery capacity is little poor .. it’s worth buying on this budget..4/5 my ratingREAD MORE;;;;
Battery will give good performance for a normal userI suggest another variant for heavy usersCam quality is good in day light conditions Performance is very good with A13 Bionic chipSmall in size and don’t expect a screen size like MI or one plus full screen mobilesREAD MORE;;;;
Each and every Paisa you is worthyCamera section is a great upgrade Performance is a beastIt’s just a old design but still amazing design to hold in hand.I upgraded from old SE and satisfied to the coreREAD MORE;;;;
So fast as light  classy premium look  at affordable price thank you flipkart for easy deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Best model if you wish to enter the Apple ecosystem. Flawless product and seamless experience. I love this phone.READ MORE;;;;
One of Best phone in 2020..Excellent Camera and Performance..battery also good without Games..Thanks u Flipkart Best offer and fastest delivery .READ MORE;;;;
Excellent phone from Apple... Almost same like iPhone 7 and 8 with latest processor. I can feel the speed very much compared to the iPhone 6s. It’s awesome budget phone from iPhone family.READ MORE;;;;
Can be surely preferred as your first iphone Value for money Some what battery is not sufficient but as we already know about the batteries of iphone Camera is up to mark but there is insufficiency of night mode wideangle mode but that’s ok its not a big deal Display performance is good enough Overall lookup is impressive and off course attractive Speakers are mind blowing dual speaker setup which is quite loud compared to others At this price range this phone is best if you are intere...READ MORE;;;;
Best product but apple could have launched it in very less price.Screensjze comparatively smallBeterry performance satisfactory Camera extra ordinarily Sensors and apps way fast and results jn blink Buy if price around 25 maxREAD MORE;;;;
I had been eagerly waiting for iPhone SE 2 ever since its news and articles started floating around techsites around a year back. I was using the iPhone SE (previous gen) back then and it worked brilliantly for two years before its Battery health went below 80%.An android user will never understand why an iPhone user sticks to their ecosystem despite them being expensive. Pros of iPhone SE 20201. A13 bionic chip - makes the phone a beast2. Camera - has portrait mode. Does the job brilli...READ MORE;;;;
Firstly i got this phone for 24.5k so i would say it was a good bargain for me to get my first iphone . Keeping this price in kind the performance of this phone is just awesome . I am not much of a person who consumes lot of video content for me its a device which does its jobs very nicely . Battery is bad for any average user but since i use it mostly for calls texts and some banking apps it serves the purpose. This phone is for people who dont much of their time on phone and want a compact ...READ MORE;;;;
It is a very good device. You will feel how premium is it whenever you hold in your hand. It is very nice to hold. And size is just perfect! Above all it has the best camera. See the attached picture which I clicked in the evening.You should go for the red one!READ MORE;;;;
Best camera phone Image processing is best Best display and battery life is also best Best processor Overall best phone U can look after images alsoREAD MORE;;;;
13 MP Back Camera More Better than 64mp camera phone's and 7MP Front Camera Same as that.1845 Mah Batter then any other 5000 mah Smartphones Batterymost precious part The Bionic13 Chipset in this price range just AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is working awesome high speed the only demerit is size if you are okay with the size then you can buy the phone without even reading anything amazing built quality thankyou apple and flipkart the battery is awesome and everything is fine with the phone no problem faced till nowREAD MORE;;;;
Its a great product. Would have given more than 5 star for the performance. Camera quality is much better than 20MP . And it operates at lighting fast pace. The only small minus point is battery. A but as i am a moderate user its perfectly fine for me. Great product as usual from apple.🙌🏻READ MORE;;;;
I ordered the Red colored iPhone SE on 2-Jun. Flipkart gave date of delivery on 7-Jun but due to lockdown it got delayed by 3 days and I received on 10-Jun. Good effort by Flipkart during such challenging times.The looks and feel of the phone is a class apart compared to other Android phones I have used in the past. The colour is awesome and hard to take your eyes off. The Product RED written at the back adds to its esthetic.It is easier on the grip being smaller and even with a back cove...READ MORE;;;;
Very cute phone and performance upto the standards of an Apple product. Great value for money but may not be liked by those who watch videos and do gaming with current day larger display phones. A great product all in all.READ MORE;;;;
It's budget phone overall is the best only bantery backup is not god but if u then 4k video watching or shooting it's best option for 4k videos loverREAD MORE;;;;
I phone se best product and best value my very happy to perches this phone and came or warking is mind blowing the camera captures is a excellent work so im happy to perche I phone se the new one🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩READ MORE;;;;
Screen is really really small for media consumer and battery is not a full day usage battery other everything is fine and the camera is amazing overall a great deal with tons of value for money....READ MORE;;;;
replaced SE with my iphone 7more or less the same size and displaywhite color looks amazing and apple designed SE in line with iphone 11 and above models so it looks so damn pretty!!!if looking for compact size plus preferring touch id over face id then choose SE over XR(both are somewhat of the same range).XR is bulky and bigger with better battery performance (and face id ofcourse) so make your choice accordingly i hardly use my phone so cant say much about the battery life(i have to c...READ MORE;;;;
This is beautiful device which contain iconic A13 bionic chip. Chip makes this little device beast. I also enjoy six months Apple Music and Apple TV one year subscription free.Pocket friendly device both in terms of money and size.READ MORE;;;;
Apple surely delivered a product whose price is finally at-par with other state-of-the-art smartphone brands. The processor and speed are amazing with zero lag. iOS experience is quite pleasing after switching from Android. The external sound is terrific and one of the best a smartphone has to offer. Touch and display are beyond expectations. Overall feel is quite good and the bezels don't really affect much. The only downside is the camera and battery. Both are modest at best. With reasonabl...READ MORE;;;;
The phone is amazing according to me.. just some cons r the battery life and the big bezels .. the small phone is all I needed .. and it feels so much secure in one hand.. i needed exactly this type of phone which i can use one handed and have the beast like performance.. previously i was using a 5 inch phone Nokia 3 so the shift according to size is giving the same feel.. one thing that bothering me is the keyboard… even its approx the same size phone but keyboard is too tight to type.. it w...READ MORE;;;;
Battery sucks. It lasted 100% for 2 months then 99-96 in just one monthOther things are greatGreat camera great processor great screen and handy phone But there is not that much battery to enjoy it’s featuresREAD MORE;;;;
I think who uses iPhone or who wants to start using iPhone should buy this little beautiful phone. I'm moved by iPhone cleanliness and fantastic user interface. I've become quite fan of Apple Ecosystem so don't listen to me. Try it yourself. I'm sure you'd love it.READ MORE;;;;
I strongly recommend this phone to people who is more work oriented. Game loves should skip this phone as this is not a game phone. Best features with stunning looks & performance. Mobile is very handy with 4.7 inch screen. Packed with good performances and nice camera. This is my first iPhone. Very good experience with Apple. Battery performance is good but not excellent. After 100% charged I have used 27 hrs. after using Calls/Mails/Social Media etc.READ MORE;;;;
Nice apple product. It works very fast and best performance as A13 bionic chip processor. Camera is also good. Battery life is short only 1 day survive.READ MORE;;;;
This is my first Apple product and I was mesmerised by its fast processor and amazing display features such as Video quality in 4K facet. There is a shortcoming though with regards to the screen size but it can be Come in handy too if you change your perspective. I have played rockstar games on this phone and the graphics were awesome. A must buy 😇READ MORE;;;;
Its for only who loves small screen and with a performance beast.. i love it and its awesome..RATINGS CAMERA - 5/5Performance - 5/5Battery - 5/3.5Design -5/4I love small display phones .. i love it its like...MINI MONSTER IN MY POCKET ...READ MORE;;;;
Good budget phone by Apple in 31K. Camera quality is good .Battery life sufficient if you are a moderate user .Performance is awesome .READ MORE;;;;
I did not find any issues with battery  Good battery backup Performance is outstanding Internet connectivity is outstanding I m fully satisfied People saying about battery but i did not find any with battery Battery giving me a full day backupI am not gamer not a heavy user For me it is a beastREAD MORE;;;;
I have used it for more than a month now. First of all its a great product for those who prefer hardware and compactness over design or the latest camera features. Definitely a great upgrade for previous SE users.(I am one) 1) performance - hands down the best chip u could get 2) battery - for previous see users this will be a grad one I actually get 7-8 hours of screen time with a little bit of gaming. So will definitely last a day for normal usage.     For those who might have used rece...READ MORE;;;;
A phone only for selected people for size and handy use and dual sim requirement or else you can go for other models Very fast delivery thank you Flipkart and seller New brand pack sealed price recorded unboxing video all things ok warranty ok buying MI wireless power bank having wireless charging and fast charging alsoREAD MORE;;;;
Wonderful cameraBrilliant speedGood battery life of 6 hours continues usage... better than iPhone 7 and iPhone 8 Overall go for it.. it’s best iPhone  you can get at this price.READ MORE;;;;
The iphone SE performs in a great way when it comes to camera quality and it's Speed. The camera captures stunning images and the pictures come out to be very natural. The camera can be easily compared with the likes of iPhone xs series and 11 series . The phone is very swift and performs all the tasks very smoothly. The only concern about this phone is the battery performance. The battery drains out quickly as compared to other iphones. It could be because of the very powerful processor and...READ MORE;;;;
The phone is super fast. The phone is the right size on my  hand. Camera is good but not the best but still clicks good enough pictures. Battery life is badREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first IPhone. I am really happy with this purchase. The camera quality is nice. The performance is amazing. The battery life is sufficiently good. It comes with tons of amazing features. This product was released at the right time when I broke my phone. And I am really happy that iPhone came up with a budget flagship.READ MORE;;;;
Another wonderful product from apple and am amazing fast delivery by Flipkart during these lockdown days. Thanks for bringing it so fast to us after launch.READ MORE;;;;
I simply loved the phone and honestly this size is perfect for me!! Though honestly speaking the battery is not so good but yes if you’re not a heavy user it’s not a big deal however the video quality is superb and it always feels premium to even use it!!! So if you are looking for something cheap but useful go for this! It’s worth that money except for the battery but I have a fast charger so it charges quickly!READ MORE;;;;
Great Phone for Great Price... Blazing fast . Good camera. Small and Handy. Love it !!!READ MORE;;;;
Compact mobile with all the smart features.fed up with big screen mobles. And this made things better. I can rate camara quality to 5+ it is soo goodREAD MORE;;;;
I class phone by apple ..Very compact and powerfulThe camera is very powerful and latest ios is also very handy Overall a worth purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone i really love it and I also love flipkart because they were never upset me from his amazing things and flipkart offer was also amazing thank youREAD MORE;;;;
Not just the best value for money iPhone but the best value for money phone. Got it for 30k. Best phone if you are a light user.READ MORE;;;;
I'm loving this beast❤. Excellent performance and excellent camera. Battery is fine enough. One of the best phone in this range.READ MORE;;;;
Everything seems fine with this phone but this is a super fast car but with a small gas tank the one and only con of this phone but if you are looking to buy this phone you know what you have signed up for but if you want to get a scoop of ios for the first this will be a perfect device to start with as it comes with the one of the best processor at an reasonable price tag my suggestion is that if you can compromise by charging your phone for 2 times a day you can easily go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Overall the phone is very good but the fact is that it is too small in comparison to phones now these days however the camera is very good and the processor is very powerful you can play any game in the in it. You should not consider buying this. Only con is that it is screen sizes too small.READ MORE;;;;
Product is very good and a very good value for money. Just loving it the most. One of the best phones for this price.READ MORE;;;;
Best budget compact iphone... OS is smooth as always.. and its powerful with the processor... if you can compromise the OLED display this is a great one to buy. Camera is decent enoughREAD MORE;;;;
Don't Hesitate to buy. This is the best Compact smartphone till date.People will tell you myths about battery life. But believe me battery life is very good for Average use (around 7 hours)Buy if you - 1. like small sized phones 2. want best performance3. camera4. budget high performing phone.Don't buy if you are -1. gamer2. very heavy user.READ MORE;;;;
Almost it is a decent phone. It would have been better if there would have been a headphone jack and a strong battery.READ MORE;;;;
Trust your gut and buy this if you are not a heavy user battery is a little shaky specially not meant for gaming where a battery drops up to 10% after every PUBG or Fortnite match the phone and also day to day task very well. Supports fast charging which is a great feature if you buy a separate 18 W charger. Works great and handles every app very well still unfortunately there are very less apps that are supported by iOS and android.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone user since 5 years.Performance wise very nice phone and sufficient as per my basic requirement.Secured device as compare to Android and compatible and very handy.Bit disappoint in terms of battery performance.12MP camera is fine for phone purpose.READ MORE;;;;
This is my first iPhone and I am pretty happy with the device. Everything is okay with the phone but it would be much more better if it came with a bigger display and a higher mah batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Pros:Very good performancePhoto and video taking capabilities in good light is excellentBuild quality Cons:Lower battery capacity than older models such as XrNo lightning to aux convertor in boxLow light photos are very badOther:Though the display specs are not top of the line it does meet the expectations. Sound quality is decent and does not disappoint.Finally:The phone gives good value for your bucks. In my opinion it is a must buy if you want to try an iPhone for  the first ti...READ MORE;;;;
Phone is good if ypu wish t ahift drom android and want a decent camera in your pocket. Defenetly not for gamers because processor Bionic A13 can take nay game with full graphics no prob but battery will disappoint you. Not for long video calls rest things are fine premium feel full display could have been better. If battery and display is also important ro you consider XR or 11.READ MORE;;;;
I love this product and thanks to flipkart for a quick delivery that I didn’t expect that I got it before the delivery date that mention in the order list and i thank you to the delivery man that he took patience to wait till I paid the bill for this order. Once again thank you so much.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone SE here in 2020 boom it’s powerful device low budget iPhone ever don’t go on price phone is packed with performance running on A13 Chip which makes apps run butter smooth camera is good borrowed from IPhone 11 battery is smaller bcoz of the size of phone but does your job speaker is quite loud every phone has pros and cons so we have to deal with it overall it’s good phone under budget go for it all three colour are amazing I have bought whiteREAD MORE;;;;
Performance is awesome with A13 bionic chipThose who capture a lot of pics it’s a very good choice fir them... single camera but picture quality is giant....Battery performance is little bit of weak.. doesn’t looks good.. for normal use it’s ok.. but those who are heavy user for them doesn’t look good....Very handy phone with a premium look... but the bazzels one the screen looks old.. but overall it’s good to buy within this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is meant for niche market. Not for people who like screen size more than 5.5 or 6 inch. Was waiting for a product like this since long and now will experience this with the latest A13 bionic chip. Great buy for people who require smaller handy phones. Not for gaming purpose of course. You can buy a play station instead 😉. RegardsREAD MORE;;;;
Super compact fone for no nonsense users!!! Good speaker quality & super fast due to A13 buonic chip.READ MORE;;;;
I am ISO user since last 5 years and upgraded with iPhone 5s>iPhone 6s>iPhone SE. I am highly satisfied with the product and features. Chip 13 gives me amazing results and experience. Battery is not an issue for me. I like the size 4.7 the most. I am happy with my product so far. Thank you Apple and Flipkart.Suggest to sell iPhones assembled in India to support Aatmanirbharbharat mission.READ MORE;;;;
The Apple IPhone SE has been an all time favorite for the family members due to its size and quality. I have been using the old model of SE from 2014 and now changed to 2020 SE model due to its quality and reliability. The phone is very much handy for small size hands and also have bigger screen than earlier version. The sound quality is improved by it's stereo speakers. The quality of camera is also enhanced for great pictures for life time experience. It came in different colors with sleek ...READ MORE;;;;
It's pretty good but battery decrease too fast nd a good productREAD MORE;;;;
I purchased this iPhone for my dad because of his requirements of small sized phone with decent performance and capable camera. This is the ideal phone for these requirements. He is pretty satisfied with the phone. My only complaint is  5 W Charger. After all it's cost over 40k.READ MORE;;;;
First off all what a fantastic delivery  flipkart made. I ordered the phone on 9th July 5:20 PM. Received the the phone on 10th July 9 Am.Now coming to the phone. Its already been reviewed by many tech reviewer nothing more to say.Performance is great. Battery part is ok. As u have to compare the battery with iPhone 7 and 8. Not with XR or iPhone 11.One thing I did not like was there were no first charger only 5 volt charger is packed.Other then that it's a great purchase.If it's your fi...READ MORE;;;;
Fantastic product super fast speed no lags like android phones no advertisements fabulous response to touch good battery life there is this wrong saying that battery life is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
I have using iPhone XR except of the screen size Every thing is great about this phone se 2020 Speak about battery it’s far better compare to iPhone 8 The new processor is helping a lot  and fast enough Small in sizeREAD MORE;;;;
I would like to say only one thing iPhone rocks. The stereo sound quality is just at par with other phones in this range. Connect to your external HPs or soundbars and your are ready to rock and roll. Deep bass level are so clear u would fall in love with this. I really don’t mind bulky bezels because that is what makes this handy and your very own and personal phone. It’s a powerful beast in a small size. :)READ MORE;;;;
Tremendous purchase and awesome device . First of all it’s as per the latest lifestyle like 2 sim option and in a pocket size at such a great price. I am very happy and satisfied.READ MORE;;;;
This iphone totally worth it. I call it a Mini iphone 11. I suggest this to those who are 1. looking to buy apple product for the first time. 2. Looking for a phone that is compact but with full features of flagship. 3. Although it is good for gaming but I will not recommend you to consider it for gaming.Only concern:- battery capacity is not that great but if you do moderate use with social media and bit of youtube streaming.It lasts for a day. 11-12 hours outside.READ MORE;;;;
Kind of camera in this price range  is amazing ... as the user interface is amazingly convenient ... no wonder why after getting an iphone ppl take a step forward for other accessories ...... worth of buying at this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
It’s a great IPhone. Those who are using 6 and 6s should definitely upgrade. But those who are using 7 and above should not as 7 is still a fast phone and it will get atleast one more year of update. Coming to iPhone se it’s a great phone. Camera is great. Features are great. Battery is issue. It won’t last you whole day if your a heavy user. Expect 5 hours of screen time of your heavy user. Otherwise overall good value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Stands to its reputation …. Apple as always … - smooth af- secure af - sturdy af- stunning afApple af ;)READ MORE;;;
It's a good buy. If you want to experience the apple brand. I would suggest you to buy the product. Apple phones are actually good for around 3-4 years post that because of software updates they become quite slow. So a good phone if you usually change your phone post 3 years of usage.READ MORE;;;;
An iPhone with duel sim capability and a decent battery life. What else do I want?? Extremely handy. Switched from android and loving the decision. a phone that’s better than one plus in all aspects (including price as well). A beautiful piece of equipment.READ MORE;;;;
Compact yet powerful. It’s small size is what made me buy it. Small phones with decent performance and good build quality are a rare sight these days. Go for it if you don’t like to carry phones as big as chopping boards in your pockets.READ MORE;;;;
I am writing this review after 9 days of use. I didn't play games but my son install pubg mobile and it works fine. I use it for various bank transactions and official use only for the reason for security purposes. And the battery works upto 36 hrs. I am happy to have a nice mobile like this though it is little bit pricey.READ MORE;;;;
Fabulous performance with improved battery than previous model which i bought in 2017.....worth buying ....single camera is enough with improved quality ....and better than its rival one plus .......if you want a smaller size phone with great performance than go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Loved it!12 MP single camera does its job better than many flagship camera phones. Very compact and perfect for single hand use. Battery lasts at least one day for a normal use.READ MORE;;;;
Best phone at this range battery backup is also good display is awesome it is best phone for gaming and all other use Ram management is too good. This is best phone it is value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Superb phoneIts Handy and looks good Performance is too good Camera is Also goodREAD MORE;;;;
Light in hand it’s an Apple product which easily outperforms any and all of its contenders. Packed with all the features it introduces the concept of esim in dual sim with one physical and other esim activated through network provider. It takes just 2 hrs for activation and SMS after 24 hrs. Bandwidth performs slightly better compared to physical one. Image quality is always best and gaming rendering is perfect without lag. Storage and app availability is also good. Not to mention the Audio q...READ MORE;;;;
One of the best mobile with fantastic camera really loved it but coming to display size and battery backup just little bit disappointed rather then this iPhone se simply good 😍READ MORE;;;;
Best iPhone at this price range. If u want handy iphone with best processor. Then it will suits for u.READ MORE;;;;
All are well Good and much better than 11 .but battery backup is too bad. I give this rating after 3 months..READ MORE;;;;
Great Product In terms of Camera and Processing the image The A13 Bionic chip does its job Great The battery could be better. Overall great productREAD MORE;;;;
nice product...just be cautious to use the phone judiciously ....in general with light gaming i am getting around a full day with 30% battery left...mostly use it as my primary non-gaming  purpose. love the size..fits well unlike a 6 inch phoneREAD MORE;;;;
I prefer small phones so this was the perfect choice and the rate at which it was available made it possible for me to buy my first iPhone. Thanks to Flipkart for providing such amazing offer.READ MORE;;;;
The phone is very fast and smooth never gave me any issue the battery is on low side but camera to gaming all are on top of the line for casual people you don't need a dslr this phone can take some great photos and videosREAD MORE;;;;
i love it just amazing in every field. those who love small and powerful phone they can go for it. superb performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Users shifted from android to iphone may feel not worthy. In this price range we will get better phone in android   But Only satisfactory thing is the Brand and durabilityPerformance is goodSome automation functions are goodCamera AvgFast charging is plus from 20 to 70 % it took 30 to 40 min but to get 100% it took another 2 hoursI liked the size of the mobile so i choose thisREAD MORE;;;;
Phone reached me safely. Packaging was nice. Happy with the seller’s integrity. A Mighty handy phone for everyday use. Battery is on the lower side and hardly needs a charge every evening depending on the usage. Otherwise A class.READ MORE;;;;
I am writing this review after few days of use so it is just awesome. Camera quality is not satisfactory as the video made by this phone are yellowish in colour as compared to other phone videos.Speed is just awesome as A13 Bionic chip is there.     Battery is 1800 mAh so it doesn’t last long as iPhones are not made for long lasting batteries but they are light in weight and high performance with no problem of hang.I used my Iphone 6s for 4 years 8 months so I expect this one to last ling ...READ MORE;;;;
This is my first iPhone and I start this journey with best technology A13 bionic chip with a economical budget it's fantastic and I always keen to use Apple technology in futureREAD MORE;;;;
It’s a very fast usable with one hand it’s camera is also very nice it can shoot videos up 4K 60 FPS if it’s battery would be bigger it would be an ideal phoneREAD MORE;;;;
such a really nice phone but is this only undar 30k best its value is only 30k is ok more than not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product from apple and got at a special price during the Republic day sale on Flipkart Pros:Fast processorSuperb CameraPremium fit and FinishHassle free interfaceBloatware free (its IOS)Cons:None except for short battery life but still people will like it and better than any other phones in this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
A good phone I say but not the best As battery life is not at all to the apple standard. Otherwise value for money if available during offer period.READ MORE;;;;
My dream phone. When I was in college in year 2015 most of my friends who had “rich parents” had iphones and I always dreamed of owning one. In fact that time I just had the nokia push button old phone which wasn’t even a smart phone.With the blessing of my mother and the support of my brother I was able to fulfill this dream of owning an iPhone.I am not an expert of mobile but I am grateful to flipkart and its seller for providing great discount so that it became affordable for common peo...READ MORE;;;;
If you want a compact and handy phone ..just go for it. I boight it for its size. Battery backup is decent considering the size and performance. Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Best budget phone for proffessional user.It is best suitable phone for isers who don’t use phone for gaming.It gives me a full day battery life with continuous 4g OnREAD MORE;;;;
I am hard-core android user recently i used redmi note 5pro and it has 4000mah battery and its battery life is goodAnd after using iphone se i am shocked its battery is good and performance is best in class and i used OnePlus also believe me OnePlus and any android never replace a iphone iPhone is iphone in all point Camera is bestPerformance is best in classDisplay is small but its okayBattery is also goodREAD MORE;;;;
The Phone is outstanding except for the battery backup. U have to modify the system setting to use the phone for full day without charging. Turn off the unnecessary location and display services to use the phone seamlessly. Not recommended for heavy Gamers and Multimedia Users. Best entry level phone for experiencing IOS. Processor is super fast.READ MORE;;;;
Very good for those who love small handy phones..it's same size as iphone 8.. would not recommend for playing pubg continuously..but it's good for all other useREAD MORE;;;;
Just ignore the battery performance.. the phone is good to use.. the experience is of using iOS is flawless..No fast charger..Music is the best part of iphone SE.. which is remarkableScreen size mmm yes its small.. but its ok to use.. but it works like as it is designed for smooth experience..I have Old SE as well.. apple experience is no doubt is amazing without any lag...Ignore the battery performance.. rest perfect for daily use..READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product of apple in this price !! Only thing is small screen anybody needs to think twice!! But as I like small screen only it’s totally suitable for me!! Awesome SE !! Go for it!! 😍READ MORE;;;;
I love this phone. Camera is amazing and battery life is very good. It’s fast as well.READ MORE;;;;
Apple is Apple !!I already have i phone 11 but I purchased this phone due to it’s  Compact Size  . I m using this phone Since 10 days... I phone SE provides exceptional performance in every terms ... I didn’t found any Con ... i used to do workout and running and this phone is easy to keep in my pocket due to its sizeREAD MORE;;;;
Ultimate phone...smooth and value for money. Battery life is also good . I am loving the phone...super fast technology and the camera quality is awesome...READ MORE;;;;
I bought this for my sister.she is very happy with it.also thanks Flipkart for this wonderful phone.delievery was on time.also safe with OTP at the time of deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
If you are looking for a switch from android to iOS then iPhone se is the best option at this price range. Performance is excellent - thanks to the A13 bionic chipset. But for an android lover there are so many options at this price. Just go for that.Pros* Performance is masterclass including gaming. * Daylight camera performance is great. Good for photography but excellent for videography* Smooth display. It is only LCD display but far better than android phones LCD displays* Wireless ...READ MORE;;;;
Hands down the best value for money product in the segment. On one hand we have the best in class A13 bionic processor and on the other hand the best mobile operating system ever. With the privacy features but into iOS 14 it i THE PHONE to own in these times. The camera also never disappoints as it takes amazing pictures without you even thinking about the exposure. Highly recommend it to anyone who doesn’t like big bulky phones and need a super fast and secure operating system performance.READ MORE;;;;
If you want a small and powerful phone and have charging facility at your workplace then go for it. This is the best value for money and best performer ever.READ MORE;;;;
Nice product witha nice camera.Good budget iphone but its not really a budget phone if compared to other android  phones.The battery  could be a little better and it could have provided a good port for connecting headphones or earphonesREAD MORE;;;;
It’s Awesome I liked this mobile very much. It’s compact and powerfulREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phone very convenient to use due to it’s size. Display is no problem if you can connect to iPad via hotspot and enjoy watching videos and reading articles. Even playing games on my mini iPad.Battery performance could have been better as people are dependent on their phones to a great extent for their daily activities. So if you use the phone except for heavy gaming it should get you thru the day easily.So why should you choose it: well it’s an iPhone and It’s fantastic performance...READ MORE;;;;
If you are buying this phone then you might as well consider buying iphone Xr. The display is very small and could’ve been much much bigger. The battery is good but could’ve been betterREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is a not great and not for a person who can’t charge this phone for 2 times a day. And gamers I would suggest u this phone only if u can keep it on charge when not gaming. Overall performance beast. PUBG is as smooth as butter. Didn’t get any single frame drop when 4 squad hotdrop Ace tier. Camera is really good. U would be happy on your clicks during daytime or on strong artificial light but obviously not at night. Worth the money coz 4-5 years of software update is really awesome.READ MORE;;;;
I used iPhone X and 11 bt I can’t get Comfort while useing bt se 2020 is most Comfortable and beautiful phone I like it  phone should be like seREAD MORE;;;;
The phone could be the best in segment if equipped with a turbo or wireless charger and Bluetooth EarPods. It gives a premium feel with a compact 4.7” design and Super fast processor.READ MORE;;;;
Great product as usual. Good for a days use. Need a fast charger with it to get the best performance in short time. There’s nothing to complain except battery performance.READ MORE;;;;
Everything is fine except battery. I’m not an pubg player so I can’t Specify the performance on basis of pubg. But I didn’t find any lag or slowness in this phone. Main point of this phone is.- very thin and slimYou will love it when you will start using it.I think only drawback is it’s battery. If the battery was good. It  was best. But anyway we can not expect that much battery backup from apple.I think apple should do more work on battery at least make it on the mark.I bought it aft...READ MORE;;;;
Good specs at best price I’ve Recently upgraded from iPhone 8 to iPhone se and I would say this is a great upgrade and worth. This new SE phone great at performance and qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Nice I phone  small compact and light weight... processor is too good and as usual headphone quality awesome Nice packing .. thanx Flipkart for great serviceREAD MORE;;;;
pretty awesome phone .. loved its compact style and performance .READ MORE;;;;
Mobile is working awesome fast and smooth. Camera is very awesome but problem is only size of mobile displayBut over all I’m very happy with phoneREAD MORE;;;;
The rumors about this phone of its low battery backup are fake. It provides the best battery backup and lasts a full day with light use like Instagram and WhatsApp. The performance of this phone is the best compared to android phones at this price range. And with the iOS 14 update the iPhone SE is the star of the show . And there are no such noticable differences between the SE and the 12READ MORE;;;;
So after using the phone for 12 months straight here’s my long term review for this device - First w the pros -1) top notch performance2) best phone if u wanna enter the apple ecosystem 3)premium feel 4) great cameras5) can use it for 2-3 years straight because of the apple software the support 6)wireless charging/ fast charging compatibility 7)water resistant Cons - 1)small display 2)huge bezel 3) battery life is v bad of this device4)heats while using 5) no dedicated night mod...READ MORE;;;;
Iphone SE 2020 is the best iphone. I had iphone6 so i am used to this size and this screen size is perfectly fine and handy as well and light weight. Very happy with this buy. Bought a red one and its amazing red.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone but disappointed with no earpods and power adapter. Left a bittersweet taste.Battery backup is good enough for only decent usage. Not meant for gaming. Only for those who want entry into the Apple ecosystem at low costREAD MORE;;;;
Best in the market Seriously no android phone can compete with this 4.7 inch beast performing device. A13 Bionic is far more superior than Snapdragon 865. I am an hardcore android guy & I am giving my genuine review after 4 days of extensive IOS usageREAD MORE;;;;
The iPhone SE 2020 is a real value for money mobile device. It has got the latest processor (A13 Bionic Chip) which is said to be the fastest processor that is present in the current market. The camera is a real catch having support for high definition video and photos that can be shot in portrait mode which adds a certain depth to the photos. The 4.7 inch screen is a real compact and comfy size for those who do not prefer large phone sizes. The battery life is great as well. All in all the i...READ MORE;;;;
Received handset 100% good condition & fast delivery with in 3 days & genuine priceIm happy with Flipkart.Phone performance is very good very fast Super stereo dolby sound crystal clear sound Camera is very good photography & video quality is awesome overall this iPhone se 2020 powerful smartphone in small & cute size.  CHHOTA PACKET BADA DHAMAKA….I love this iPhone model. Great camera for pics and videos Battery life is good so far with some setting turn of which i never use and when i...READ MORE;;;;
Apple always best if you know how to jailbreak. Much faster processor battery too good and dual sim management better than non iOS device.READ MORE;;;;
It's lighting fast and picture quality is marvelous. Excellent battery except that if you are more on online streaming and gaming then you need to carry a 20k mah power bank. Shipment was delivered before the mentioned date and packaging was firm and sturdy when received. Overall I rate 5/5. End of the day an iPhone is an iPhone. Thanks flipkart for the best online offer.READ MORE;;;;
Best phone at this price...camera is also great with right lighting... Very easy to use in one hand. Very light in weight but still gives a good feeling in hands.....battery backup is also not that bad as everybody says...the A13 chip uses the power very smartly.overall a good quality product at reasonable price.READ MORE;;;;
This is my 1st iOS product and I am loving it Grate value of money Great performance Great camera Overall it’s best Less to expend Lots of love  ❤️❤️❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
I bought this phone with excitement and its really a fast phone. I like its fast processing and camera clarity but battery is little week in this phone.READ MORE;;;;
Nice single camera phone with average battery backup but I feel the price should be less than 40k as per the features of the phone. Overall I don't recommend to buy it just because of the price. But if you want an iPhone its the cheapest option(launched in 2020)READ MORE;;;;
It’s a pretty robust phone. Powerful then my Mac or my windows laptop. My screen time is around 7 hours as I do most of my stuffs from my phone. Be it a presentation or a photography- this device is very powerful . Thanks to AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Super phone and super camera  and batter performance is bad and display super value for money also good and phone is very fastREAD MORE;;;;
Average camera quality if you love best camera phone then this is not the product for youAverage battery life also can't comment much since it's only few weeks before I purchased but definitely it's not a good battery Apart from camera and battery rest of the phone can match with expensive phone features. It has A13 chip which means performance will be better than iPhone 8 and 10READ MORE;;;;
Pros :Excellent performanceZero lags Good software supportExcellent cameraBetter / stable apps compared to androidCons :Mediocre battery lifeNote: display is good enough for a 4.7'' phone. No pixelationIt can run all the demanding games and can take really good pics .  The only thing you need to understand is that for a heavy user the battery will last from 10 am - 4 pmREAD MORE;;;;
It is one iPhone that’s value for money. Has the same processing capability of iPhone 11. Only disadvantage is a step down on camera. Works amazing like any other iPhone.READ MORE;;;;
GOOD BUY FOR FIRST TIME APPLE USER ALL WORKS GOOD BUT BATTERY IS NOT SO GOOD FOR HEAVY USERS IT WILL GET FOR 7HRS FOR SURE FOR FULL CHARGE AND EASY TO CHARGE FROM 0 TO 100 IN 2AND HALF HOURS GOOD CAMERA QUALITY NO LAG IN MOBILE SMOOTH OSREAD MORE;;;;
Overall best phone for apple fans and who use their phones for light to moderate work.The A13 chip makes the processor faster and the camera of this phone is just splendid ! I would surely recommend this phone to the people looking for an iphone in a low budget :)READ MORE;;;;
I have purchased this phone just for the sake of Brand to gift it to my wife.! My Mi Note 9 pro max is way better to enjoy than this. Overall a good phone.READ MORE;;;;
This phone is awesome nd value for money all Functions   are smooth  superb .. camera is not on my expectations ..I gifted this phone my frnd ... nd she likes this.  Nd we are happy from this iPhone SE 2020.     👌👌👌😊😊READ MORE;;;;
I recently bought iPhone se from flipkart at very good discount price. Great entry level phone from Apple. The camera quality is awesome and speed of iPhone is fast as well. Got a quick delivery from flipkart on the very second after purchasing it. So far I am very happy using this phone. Would recommend this phone to others as well who are looking to buy their first ever Apple iPhone. Great buy.READ MORE;;;;
Pros:1. Good camera2. Fast processor 3. Secure4. Fast charging Cons:1. NO CHARGING ADAPTER & EARBUDS (Although they are writing that it is included but it is not)2. BatteryREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone SE 2nd Gen. massive to use A13 processor for multiple application and camera clarity extremely amazing with awesome feature its so cool to handle phone and compact... battery level rating its 4star.Requesting to iPhone: phone is so massive try to improve battery part backup for usage.READ MORE;;;;
Woww. It's an amazing experience with such a small high performance phone. Really loved the working of this phone. The sound quality is tremendous than any other phone. Better than Dolby atmos in android as far as i felt. Better to go for it. One major difference which I have observed with respect to android is that the phone glass is so rigid that it did not have a single scratch even after it got slipped from a 2 ft height. Really awesome quality. Dont think much about battery as they made ...READ MORE;;;;
Fantastic phone using it as my secondary iphone  It’s smooth and fast thank you Flipkart ❤️READ MORE;;;;
I am giving my opinion after using 2 days...flip kart delivered it extremely fast...it’s a good budget phone...processor is very fast at least as off now...camera is very good...battery is not that up to mark like other iPhones...I think those who are using iPhone 7 or 8 won’t find much difference but yes this is a value for money product...it’s a sure buy in my opinionREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product... Super fast processor.... camera is good... cool design... Red is really nice...READ MORE;;;;
Awesome really liked it. I have 11 pro as well and i can really assure you that it is no less. Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Good Product by Apple.Battery life is not good just like other iPhones.Other than this things it's a complete package by Apple as far as processor and camera is concerned.READ MORE;;;;
Best for whom wants a compact size super phone. Loving it. Go for it without a second thoughtREAD MORE;;;;
Expected a better battery management. Looking forward to the next IOS update from Apple and hopefully they fix the battery management in that update. Everything else is super smooth. Camera is impressive. The phone feels premium. They have also improved the speakers which sounds great.READ MORE;;;;
Very smooth functioning and battery part is average will work for 6-8 hours if you are moderate user.Camera is awesome overall worth buying and satisfied . complete package of this segment as it works on A13  bionic chip which makes performance better ...can go for it without thinking twice...READ MORE;;;;
Best iPhone to have in ur pocket if u r comfortable with 4.7” screen which makes it very comfortable to use. Good camera with portrait mode..love the finishing and colour..good sound from speakers..using iPhone 6/6s and want to upgrade this is good option 👍READ MORE;;;;
A good budget phone from Apple. A powerful machine at a reduced price. Owner”s pride neighbours envy. Easy to handle and the traditional looks of an I Phone gives a feel good factor.READ MORE;;;;
I have been using iPhone earlier as well. This one is more brilliant phone with high performance speed and i love the perfect size of the phoneREAD MORE;;;;
If you are an Apple lover then go for this. I am happy with camera features when compared to 11. A13 chip gives awesome experience.Pros1. A13 chip gives the speed and power to the experience2. All latest featuresConsYet to find anyREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is really good and camera is also goodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome YaarREAD MORE;;;;
Mind blowingREAD MORE;;;;
Performance is awesome Camera is awesome Little more battery could be additional advantageREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Stunning camera... go 4 it.. no need of any editing or filtersREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Camera with Great specificationsREAD MORE;;;;
Worth for Money 😍😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Overall good Battery life is averageDisplay is averageREAD MORE;;;;
Flexin' on the new Iphone SE 2020💛READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Camera performance is fantastic😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Apple is Apple.must buy....camera better then all .please refer below some of imagesREAD MORE;;;;
Performance is good with A13: display also good but battery backup is bad....READ MORE;;;;
Camera quality is best .READ MORE;;;;
I just loved it❤️Handy phone  camera quality is awesome Without any doubt go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product 😎😎Osm look😍READ MORE;;;;
Good product as expected.READ MORE;;;;
Full of exciting features🥰🥰READ MORE;;;;
IOS that fits into your palm. Just compact and smooth to use.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome camera phone 📲READ MORE;;;;
Got in good price in big billion day. Overall performance is good but battery backup is not satisfied.READ MORE;;;;
Happy to buy this phone and no regret. Great camera performance.READ MORE;;;;
Performance-----4. 9Camera-------------4. 5Battery--------------3. 5I think iPhone se 2020 is best budget king apple flagship phone todays market... Battery was decent.. Very light and completed.. Best qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Owasome and so handyREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone with below reasonshandy screen seizegood cameragood Batteryvery handy Seizeworks seamlessly with macbook pro- for calls and messages.Fast enough.6months apple music free1 year apple tv freeDual Sim (1-esim/1Sim)Buy neuralcam for night photosREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best phone I had ever.. I was hesitating to purchase since iPhone i never used before but after buying this phone I am totally in love with this...READ MORE;;;;
Here is my Review:Camera = Awesome Performance = Awesome Size = BestDisplay = Average Battery and Charger = Below averageREAD MORE;;;;
Every thing is superb except the batteryREAD MORE;;;;
I was waiting for the device for too long time. Finally got it and it feels GOOOOD... Although the battery life isn't too much but still i loved the model... Performance : AwseomeCamera : GoodBattery : AverageREAD MORE;;;;
A13 is lit. If you have the love only for a camera then only buy iPhone 11 otherwise this is the king without kingdom..READ MORE;;;;
Best in the worldREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery everything in this phone is great.These are some pictures not edited just raw.READ MORE;;;;
superub product ... i love this camera quality is awsomepotrait mode is fantastic performance is goodREAD MORE;;;;
TopREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing camera super iphone seREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Upgraded from first generation to second.READ MORE;;;;
Ultimate performance Decent cameraCompact mobileGood speaker sound30k budgets Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Best performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Quality of apple feels in hand properly distinct from other smartphones . Also very fast Hats off to A13 Bionic .READ MORE;;;;
Small phone huge performance. But rate is little bit high in India. Battery is okay. Overall performance is greatREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product. Bought for my wife and myself. We are very happy to see the performance of this phone.READ MORE;;;;
nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is ok I m satisfied with this but the display was very smallREAD MORE;;;;
Battery could have been better ... Rest all worth for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect in size and performance And nothing can beat iPhone’s camera 👌READ MORE;;;;
Loved it totally ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Overall Good except display and batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Best 1 with a cool design and development.good processing as well as gud camera.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome Look :5/5Battery : 4/5Camera : 5/5READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent   Amazing👍😎READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
My first IPhone SE2020 superb nice & great/READ MORE;;;;
classy product i loved it. I hope my kids will not be able to break this phone thanks to flipkart and apple planning to buy one more for my wife❤❤❤❤❤❤❤READ MORE;;;;
This white colour is something you might not expect to be good!!! And also the battery is not such a big issue it fine if don’t do too heavy gaming like 2-3 hrs straight! Else everything is as good as it can be at this price point! And yes the A-13 is fast!!!!READ MORE;;;;
super phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone at reasonable priceREAD MORE;;;;
Delivered on time and the delivery person is so kindREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is very compact and performance also good but battery is just lolREAD MORE;;;;
Camera- 9/10Battery- 6/10Performance- 10/10 Lelo bhai best mobile hai..READ MORE;;;;
Overall  best phone at rs 24750 but you have to comprise with battery.battery is very weakREAD MORE;;;;
MustbuyREAD MORE;;;;
powerful processor excellent camera But battery  backup  averageREAD MORE;;;;
camera = perfectperformance = ExcellentDisplay = ExcellentBattery = Ok (below expectations)READ MORE;;;;
I'm in love with this iPhone. Totally awsmREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product and service.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome tiny size phone...impressedREAD MORE;;;;
Best🥰🔥😎READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
amezing mobileREAD MORE;;;;
I'm happy to get this apple product on  first day of the sale in India...Worthy GIFT for beloved ones📲READ MORE;;;;
The phone is just awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Love it.READ MORE;;;;
Wow.. Amazing.. Battery life is not Bad. Am a heavy user. Pubg play is so smooth 🥰🥰😍😍😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Nice 👍READ MORE;;;;
I just love itREAD MORE;;;;
Its worthy. Its very good option for those who prefers small phone in size but beast in operation. Night photo is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
I am using since october 2020 and no issues till now.... superb product with this price. i bought it for Rs 25000READ MORE;;;;
Best qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
I got it this one for Rs. 24250 on Big Billion Days.Excellent phone under 30k as Iphone. This one can be used for secondary phone along with oneplus 8TREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money..READ MORE;;;;
Very good camera 📸 quality.....I am very happy🤗😊READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Worth of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
This is a small beast.....READ MORE;;;;
Looks good! Performs good! Camera is soso! Battery is good. Once a iphone user always a iphone user. Back to iphone after oneplus and samsung.READ MORE;;;;
good jobREAD MORE;;;;
Just Excellent..... Size is Small but Very Powerful Device....READ MORE;;;;
Awesome PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best iPhone in apple small display but battery performance poor and best cameraREAD MORE;;;;
As name is Apple quality is awesome but charger adapter and  earpod is not available with this .READ MORE;;;;
Excellent phone for normal userREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing camera 😘😘READ MORE;;;;
Very fast and awesome camera quality.READ MORE;;;;
Camera and performance is top notchREAD MORE;;;;
Simply fabulous ✨I was an android user for last 10 years#But now this transition feels amazing#Compact and sexy# Performance at its best#Must buy :)READ MORE;;;;
One of the best camera.READ MORE;;;;
So cute iphone # good performance phone is on ; batter back up is on heavy users can use  10 hr on WiFiREAD MORE;;;
This is my first iphone .an awesome product and battery life and capability is also greatREAD MORE;;;;
Nice and sleek.. biggest motivator is the a13 bionic chipREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money .....little worry for the battery backup quite low as per my opinion. Bt no compromise on othe features by company. Great camera..performance it good(A13 bionic chip)READ MORE;;;;
Awwwsome camera battery life is also good even though it’s provides us a safe and easy functionREAD MORE;;;;
Nice performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Beyond expectationsREAD MORE;;;;
Nice Product at this RangeREAD MORE;;;;
Compact and powerful.READ MORE;;;;
Nice apple iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Compact.Lightweight.Powerful processor.Videography excellent. IP68.Battery won’t be an issue for a person who has busy work schedule & who is not a gamer.READ MORE;;;;
Best iPhone at lower price rangeGot it for 29500READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best price under 40K and 99.9 percent value for money <3READ MORE;;;;
Pros:-1. Fast processor2. Nice display3. Good camera4. Very handyCons:-1. Battery lasts a day on an average usage (5-6 hours)READ MORE;;;;
Value for money phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is excellent in every aspect. You will get used to with battery after a week. So don't think and doubt about small battery.READ MORE;;;;
Handy sizeStunning performance Outstanding camera qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Every thing is Nice except batteryREAD MORE;;;;
No wordsLiterally no word about what i get at 28k it was just an awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
I ordered it for my wife.Dude its a iphone its too good. I was only worried about battery but it lasted more than 24 hrs. Without any games But....Buy a wall adapter PD right away with this phone... Bcz its a slim package. Only typ c to lightning cable comes in th box....READ MORE;;;;
Great productREAD MORE;;;;
Buy this... you’ll feel the true value of brand @ this budget ❤️ Trust me🥰READ MORE;;;;
It’s too good!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome performance 😍READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Just amazing!!!READ MORE;;;;
Good performance but battery is the issueREAD MORE;;;;
After long time i changing my iPhone 5s to SE. worth for money. I don’t see any battery problem as well.READ MORE;;;;
Product is good.. but pay on delivery option does not accept card/paytm/googlePay payment.!! This is not very much convinience for customer. Flipkart should also implement Paytm/GooglePay option in case of  pay on delivery situation.READ MORE;;;;
Battery work like 4500 mah and camera is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Best phoneiPhone is iPhoneAwesome performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Premium design excellent performanceREAD MORE;;;;
good phone loved itREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first I-phone and I am really happy for switching android to iPhone.value for money..display is  awesome..specially u will love this product if u r used to with small display phones.READ MORE;;;;
Incredible......!!!!The best phone to go for at an affordable price and far more interesting featired.READ MORE;;;;
Worth. Take it.READ MORE;;;;
It’s completely perfect phone for me thank you Flipkart and apple.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome..more than wat i expected..m loving itREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
As usual apart from the battery the phone is worth it.READ MORE;;;;
Great phone worth for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
GudREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome beauty.READ MORE;;;;
Ultimate camera I click front and back camera photos and performance is also supper I compared with iPhone 8 which I used perversely 🔥🔥🔥😍READ MORE;;;;
Good prouduct and battery is very poorREAD MORE;;;;
Sexy!! handyREAD MORE;;;;
Camera quality is awesome worth for money and performance with latest A13 bionic chipset is mind blowingREAD MORE;;;;
Lovely phone ❤️📱READ MORE;;;;
What a phone. It's not a just phone. It's an ArtREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
It's my first iphone and fallen in love with it. Now I got to know why people go crazy for iphone. If you are a normal phone user it's for you.READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect phone in terms of size and performance. Only drawback I can tell is it’s battery. Battery drains too fast if your internet is ON even if you are not using your phone otherwise a perfect buy for handy mobile users.READ MORE;;;;
For the price it is coming for it offers an excellent performance cannot complain a complete package if can ignore the ips lcd screen…. Don’t know why all the guys are giving negative ratings for battery it is good enough for an avg user like me whose screen on time on an avg is 4:30 hrs everyday it easily lasts 1 complete day for meREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect phone I love itREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Mobile Want a iPhone u Can choose I Love Compact I had a little Confusion of pixel 4a Vs SE2020Already using a andoird so we can switch to IoSREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first iPhoneAwesome performance Camera is so niceREAD MORE;;;;
Best smartphone everREAD MORE;;;;
Good.READ MORE;;;;
GOOD for old IOS usersREAD MORE;;;;
Camera quality is really good.READ MORE;;;;
Need more powerful battery to carry A13 BionicREAD MORE;;;;
Good for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
I have been using the phone since a month or so. It’s working well since then. Battery lasts for 6-7 hours on stretch.READ MORE;;;;
Just awesome ....I hate bezel less phones ...for people like me it's a masterpiece....its been 3 months... but unlike android phones it's still smooth asfREAD MORE;;;;
Best for product for money Good performanceAwesome cameraBut for heavy users I will never prefer this mobile Due to batteryREAD MORE;;;;
GreatREAD MORE;;;;
Battery could have been better and there's definitely heating issues.Other than that can't complain much.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phone value for money 👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Best one for me. I don't use my phone aggressively! I take care of my gadgets well and don't compare the Apple products with Android ones. The android users and apple users have a major  difference in what they want from their gadgets and I think it's really unfair to compare two different operating systems!READ MORE;;;;
Camera is amazingREAD MORE;;;;
Why always poor battery apple.... an apple can energize full body... but it don't have battery i think they have taken it seriously....🤔READ MORE;;;;
Its smooth! And A13 is working absolutely awesome! Very comfortable in hand.. Not like other bulky phones in the market!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome cameraREAD MORE;;;;
nice product but not adaptorREAD MORE;;;;
Poor batteryBad mobile data receptionTakes long in switching from wifi to mobile dataREAD MORE;;;;
Terrific purchase got it for 25kREAD MORE;;;;
awesome phone.😍READ MORE;;;;
No wordsREAD MORE;;;;
Really good buy. Enjoyed the experience. 100% satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is good at this price point. But battery can be improved.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone SE Camara Results is really awesome and Night Results is also very Good.... Nice look ☺️😊👌READ MORE;;;;
Flipkart was decreasing the value of iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
no charger and head phones provided. battery drains fast in this mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Best affordable iphone ever. Must buy for small screen size with best performance avaliable in the market.READ MORE;;;;
My first iOS experience and truly great. Small in size but big on performanceREAD MORE;;;;
It's most budget oriented phone from apple.Camera is great.Battery power consumption very high.My battery drain 75% to 37% while call for 45 minutes only.And 10% drain in night without any activity.READ MORE;;;;
Superb mobile PhonREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone beautiful sound & picture quality battery backup is aslo good little bit hiting issue but no so much feltREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone but not for everybody. This is the best value for money device but battery life is way below average.READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup is a bit less as compared to earlier variants that I have used but still not a big problem. Got the 128 GB phone around 28k and definitely is value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Image quality is very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Very Nice Product 👌 But Flipkart delivery is too late .READ MORE;;;;
Just for the small size I considered this iphone but i found processor camera display speed everything impressive 👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Superb product ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Absolutely fine performance.READ MORE;;;;
My First love iPhone and My First iPhone SE 2020 ....No words to explain about this product ... I love it!!!!READ MORE;;;;
Camera more than my expectations and the phone is best value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Very very good performance and camera is awsm . Best product . One handed size . thankyou flipkart gives at 26k onlyREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is fine..intitiallly I thought there will be battery issue those who have put regarding battery issues they might got defective product...it's an amazing mobile...READ MORE;;;;
Ph is excellent 👌READ MORE;;;;
Nice camera and performance .READ MORE;;;;
Fantastic product. Long lasting. Longer updates you will get.  Get it now.READ MORE;;;;
I'm very happy with this iPhone...READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Apple at its best.. Strongly recommended....READ MORE;;;;
Nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Best mobile in the market and camera is mind blowing.READ MORE;;;;
It is a very good phone at a very low price.Flagship processorBest cameraBest for those who want small phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product...READ MORE;;;;
Poor battery management is surely a major put off - 1800 mAh is darn small in today's time when people are moving towards 6000mAh - rest of the phone is ok and does carry the apple flag but battery surely spoiled the otherwise a decent productREAD MORE;;;;
Just awesome experience Small but sweet 🥰Must go for it.Android users can’t understand the enjoyment of The Apple.READ MORE;;;;
Smooth performance and great camera quality.Dual speaker sound top notch. Okayish battey.READ MORE;;;;
Need improvement in Battery🔋READ MORE;;;;
Screen vibrate while play songs but overall best one phone.READ MORE;;;;
Camera quality is amazing and full satisfaction that you need for pictures and also works very smooth.READ MORE;;;;
GudREAD MORE;;;;
I am fully satisfied after getting the iphone se 2020in my Hand what I was expecting....Ultimate cell phone.👍👌😍😊READ MORE;;;;
Awesome Product Not BadREAD MORE;;;;
Only 1 word : AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
really best single hand use best every thing but battery back up not good awsome productREAD MORE;;;;
Just love the IPhone  ...SE2020READ MORE;;;;
Compactness and packaging! Beat that. And about the experience of opening and using one... You got to buy one to say about the one.READ MORE;;;;
The best in classREAD MORE;;;;
So... a lot of hype was there in Indian market regarding this model. Overall a decent phone. Maybe A12 could have been used and price kept a tad lower. A13 is not really required I think. Battery is just average. Should definitely have been better. One real problem I am noticing in three days of use is heating and simultaneous battery draining while using hotspot. 15 minutes of hotspot has drained the battery from 43% to 29% !! Along with heating. Didn’t expect this. FaceTime is heating up to...READ MORE;;;;
Nice colour.(Red). Display size should be increasedREAD MORE;;;;
Best in segment...✌️READ MORE;;;;
Excellent phone. Good battery back up and display too.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome 😊❤READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone...READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phone.Highly recommended!READ MORE;;;;
Finally a budget beast from Apple.... although battery capacity is bit low bit Apple has done wonderful optimisation.... Always a Fan of SE versions of iPhones 3 Years back purchased iPhone SE 1st Generation and on the very first day of Sale booked SE 2nd GenerationREAD MORE;;;;
Switching from Android and i am so delighted. Just love this small device which is just perfect for me.READ MORE;;;;
My first chhotu iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best Medium Budget phone from Apple ...!!READ MORE;;;;
Everthing is top notch for this device the only con is the battery at 1800READ MORE;;;;
The phone is good and value for money (which is not easy in apple)READ MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
processor is fast and is budget mobile of appleREAD MORE;;;;
Thanku aaple & Flipkart ...excellent phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Just best and amazing phoneMy first apple product. Loved it. Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Good thing liked was handy and performance u can't deny apple will update full review soonREAD MORE;;;;
Best one still dateREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone at this range (33k for 128gb). Phone is a powerhouse though it looks cute and small. Cons - can feel vibration on screen when u play high bass music. It seems that's applicable for all slim iphones without audio jack.READ MORE;;;;
Ph is just amazing. It works so smooth Camera is just 👌 it has only one camera but the quality is superb. Must buy this ph you will never regretREAD MORE;;;;
Writing this review after 9 months of usage. Product is working well. Only issue I felt is battery backup. It lasts only 3-4 hrs on full usage. On top of this time taken for recharge is around 5 hrs.READ MORE;;;;
Overall phone was brilliant but battery was so badREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
The camera quality is no doubt unbelievably awesome. Battery is decent you will get around 9-10 hours after a decent usage . Screen size is small but trust me it’s better than many android phones.READ MORE;;;;
My 1st iPhone😍Performance=beastCamera=good Value for money=worthBattery=average10/8.5READ MORE;;;;
Excellent device its very premium and main biggest thing is a13 bionic chip its used in 11 pro max flagship devices too so think about the performance u can edit video by connecting adaptor usb to monitor and edit they simply smooth i used lumafusion and rendered 4k its ultra smooth ! Only drawback is battery is average and charging time its taking is worst! If you consider this 2 dont buy try alternatives.. if you compromise this its beast!!!READ MORE;;;;
My first iPhone. Never used ios so preferred SE . Looks great till now. Handy phone does the job.READ MORE;;;;
Love my mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
I liked this phone mixture of all iphonesREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent sexy handy mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone Great performance fully satisfied with the productREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome 👌👌READ MORE;;;;
It's too powerful to use. The only problem is its size and its battery. But I should tell you that if you are going to buy this phone for gaming purpose you should buy oneplus Nord. As it has the same price and a bigger battery and a display too. This phone heats too much when you play game. You dont get a night mode in the camera but if you focus on an item and then increase the exposure you will get satisfactory photo in night. Taking about the battery I you need to charge the phone 2 times...READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone but this bettery is not Good But Love this iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
I m alwys a iphone user ..Bt when iphone se has launch everyone was telling if we buy iphone se it was loss of money..aftr xperiencing the uses i m totally satisfied with dis phone great color supreb cmera build quality..battery is silghtly less bt overall experience goodREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone in its price range.READ MORE;;;;
best cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Just go for it...Best in the segment.Heavy performance at this price segment .Pro’s-Compact design SlimEasy to handleGreat cameraDecent batteryFast working Good display Cons;;;;Camera not upto mark in low light Not suitable for gamers Small displayREAD MORE
The best budgeted iPhone till now but the battery is too bad where I need to charge 2 times in 24hrs. If ur a heavy mobile users I would not recommend this or carry ur power bank all time with uREAD MORE;;;;
Data cable and charger cable not working at allREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent camera Processor is awesome 😎READ MORE;;;;
Awesome Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is really great but battery is very averageREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
It is great and the operating system is smooth as butter. I went for this phone only for its size which is comfortable and handy. I did not receive the charger and ear phones which is sad since they have stopped it for the iPhone model that launched in 2020 too!READ MORE;;;;
Best budget iPhone Love it 😍READ MORE;;;;
Not get datable + chargerREAD MORE;;;;
My first iphone 🥰 value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
The iPhone ever launched by Apple under affordable price ... without any hesitate buy it u will not regret!!!READ MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
Nice for those who love compact . And it's performance is amazing. The skin I duyed seperately.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone in low budget only battery backup is not upto the mark kindly resolved this issue.READ MORE;;;;
Premium iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Hi It Is an great product but comparing to my old phone battery is draining quickly and also charging is slow but if you buy 15 V charger charging will become faster.READ MORE;;;;
Though it took time more than expected for the delivery but 2 days before so thankyou flipkart. Wait was worth it and the phone is a supera deal at this price criteria for that status symbol Apple logo on you phone.READ MORE;;;;
Price is highREAD MORE;;;;
This mini version is love😍READ MORE;;;;
Loved it. It is cute and handy.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome!!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome buy for those love small phonesREAD MORE;;;;
Worth itREAD MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
Totally good but no facility of call recordREAD MORE;;;;
Good ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Delivered on time. If u are looking for compact & budget friendly phone go for iphone se2. RAM utilization is superb. No glitches with speed & performance.READ MORE;;;;
Everything is gud except the battery otherwise the product would be worth a dealREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone If you want to step in iOS world Then iPhone se 2020 is the best option for youREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Literally it's an amazing experience with the unexpected same-day delivery ❤READ MORE;;;;
Very good iphone on this price range.. camera quality is awesome and display is much good.. except the battery backup everything is prettyREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Really superb Iphone economy model. Really great if this product.. spending on iphone 12 is waste of money.. the samething 14.7ios we use in this..READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Overall mobile was good but  battery performance average.READ MORE;;;;
Delivery services need to be better product is bestREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Really superb.. Awesome it's my Genuine FeedbackREAD MORE;;;;
I tried ios for the first time.  Loving it. 6 hours of screen time with light gaming.READ MORE;;;;
very goodREAD MORE;;;;
As per expectations ✌🏻READ MORE;;;;
Camera is wow👌READ MORE;;;;
This is best phone for using ios . Camera performance is so gud as expected . I am satisfied with this phone but the bad thing of this phone is battery performance is not so gud .READ MORE;;;;
Apple the brandREAD MORE;;;;
My first iPhone I like it very much Only one thing I miss in is no call recordingREAD MORE;;;;
I was an android user in the past decade. Thought of switching to iPhone. The experience that you get is premium and classy. Go for it. Battery backup is great for a 1820mAH battery.READ MORE;;;;
battery is too small if you are heavy user go for other options.Overall it is excellent .READ MORE;;;;
Very impressive 👏READ MORE;;;;
This is the perfect phone for working from home. Its small screen ensures you don’t get distracted with social media or video streaming apps. The limited battery capacity is offset by being home and charging anytime. Would recommend if you don’t intend to be on the phone for too long.READ MORE;;;;
If you are a student than go for it.It will save your precious time.READ MORE;;;;
It's a great modified Phone in a very less price and it is the new phone of young generationREAD MORE;;;;
camera is really good. battery is not that great. but performance overall is great.READ MORE;;;;
I’m soo happy super phone I like it this is my first iPhone.READ MORE;;;;
I thought to buy one plus. But purchased SE. No regrets. Great phone. Easy to carry as always.READ MORE;;;;
just amazingREAD MORE;;;;
Wrost battery in a best product.READ MORE;;;;
This phone is great!!!READ MORE;;;;
Amazing good qualityREAD MORE;;;;
I loveeee this chotu phone❤️🌚READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best purchase I had in my entire online shoppingREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome greatREAD MORE;;;;
Flipkart gave me a good deal and also good money for my old iphone it was good a purchase and experience with FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
The best iPhone ever !!!READ MORE;;;;
Everything is good but only battery issue ..!! If your playing game ..!! If ur Norma user no problem u can enjoy ..READ MORE;;;;
Beautiful ❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
SE is so good phone ButIs buttery is not charging above 80%READ MORE;;;;
Top class camera with security.READ MORE;;;;
Awsme product ❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Budjet phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Miracle Performance Camera is good only for multimedia and basic users worth mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is gud about this phone except battery backup…READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Display is tooo smallREAD MORE;;;;
Best camera but battery is lowREAD MORE;;;;
Great mobile if you are not addicted to cell phones . Battery lasts about a day. Awesome if you like small display phones.READ MORE;;;;
Supb mobile it was my first iPhone it’s touch is brilliant I love that mobile ....READ MORE;;;;
No commentsREAD MORE;;;;
Good iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
I think review must nt required 4 an apple product.READ MORE;;;;
A good handy product.READ MORE;;;;
Battery is not long lasting and the phone gets heatup during charging..READ MORE;;;;
I am writing review after using 1 month. The battery backup good and camera is also better. Overall I loved it.READ MORE;;;;
White looks good..READ MORE;;;;
Finally I got my iphone SE(White). Thank you Flipkart. I received 2 days before than the delivery date. Product is simply super as expected from Apple. I'll give review again after using this product few days.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome loved it :)READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone...READ MORE;;;;
Great product but Battery life is Big issue this iPhone se2 gives only 3-4 hours lifeREAD MORE;;;;
As a long term user of iPhone7.. Pretty satisfied..compact phone with advanced features 👍🏼READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome!!It's a little monster. one single 12 MP camera can beat triple or quad camera phones of this price range. A little much battery could be helpful.  Performance does not need to describe!!READ MORE;;;;
Camera and performance is good. You can play heavy games by connecting to a Xbox controller… but screen is so small to play in phone.. battery is good for lite usage lasts for 1 dayREAD MORE;;;;
Battery drains fast ....performance crazyREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Very excellent device if u are using for normal day to day purpose Not so good for gaming and media because of small display and less battery capacity.READ MORE;;;;
Best phone of apple in afordable priceREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is good except for battery. Battery is not too bad but at this price point it could be better.READ MORE;;;;
Smaller but equal to bigger onesREAD MORE;;;;
Nice quality with good money worthREAD MORE;;;;
Best Budget iPhone everREAD MORE;;;;
It's good enough to write to me and I got a very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Veryy happy with this phn high processorsREAD MORE;;;;
good product. fast delivery.READ MORE;;;;
Nice product 👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup is main issue other wise no problem at all camera and mobile is excellent but very disappointed from battery backup.READ MORE;;;;
a specific handy phone...with good features and all....READ MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Suitable for long term users who cannot compromise on performance.READ MORE;;;;
Powerful iPhone in low price. Thanks to Apple.READ MORE;;;;
Not for heavy users! Camera quality js superb😍😍😍😍!! Good phone. Camera and performance is at its top level😬READ MORE;;;;
Not bad in 34k plus 1900 for power adapterREAD MORE;;;;
It’s an iPhone !! What else need ? Value for money as always !!!READ MORE;;;;
nice phone but battery issueREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone for those who love small form factor.Battery last the whole day with normal use.Perfect in everything.READ MORE;;;;
Everything is awesome if you love the small screen !READ MORE;;;;
Value for money. Quick delivery.READ MORE;;;;
Love itREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is good but sometimes phone heats up fastREAD MORE;;;;
Brilliant performance processerREAD MORE;;;;
Android to iOS.love itPerformance loaded phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Really good if you go for performance.READ MORE;;;;
Nice camera iPhone is good productREAD MORE;;;;
BestREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent Picture quality.But if you want wide angle go for latest versions.READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great iphone for the price. Best for gifting parents!READ MORE;;;;
Value for money product.READ MORE;;;;
Overall satisfied with this product.The only con is the battery which is 1800 m a h and you will have to regularly carry the charger with you because the battery does not hold much longer if you have a continuous usage then you will have to charge the device twice in a day.READ MORE;;;;
Chic magnetREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone but there are 2 problems battery and display sizeREAD MORE;;;;
I buy at Rs. 29999 . Without adapter.READ MORE;;;;
Received excellent product and service from Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Best phone of this priceREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
FabulousREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone with perfect sizeREAD MORE;;;;
Love this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing Phone...this phone has only battery issue.Otherwise this phone is best under 30kREAD MORE;;;;
It’s really very handyREAD MORE;;;;
loving it a lot.. very smooth performance.. seemless experience..READ MORE;;;;
Love it❤️❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
Really superREAD MORE;;;;
Camera and performance is good.READ MORE;;;;
Value for money onehand useREAD MORE;;;;
i got this phone for 26k and in this price range this is the beast you can go forREAD MORE;;;;
I like my first Iphone.READ MORE;;;;
osm camra and very good performance and low price 👍🏻📱READ MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Camera excelent and product good apple product is superbREAD MORE;;;;
Overall a budget smartphone in Apple line up.READ MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing camera and performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is amazing in this phone except battery 🔋 💀READ MORE;;;;
Very good 4.7 inch display phone. Loved it.Only problem is Battery. It drains too early.READ MORE;;;;
No commentsREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Best cell phone at this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Just go for it if you are not considered with display size.READ MORE;;;;
Great phone but display is some smallREAD MORE;;;;
Bettery is very poor... nice camera ... good productREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent :)READ MORE;;;;
Very nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
GooooodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Great product by appleREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Charger gone out of order within 4 monthsREAD MORE;;;;
Nice cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Comfortable than holding an huge phone.. Loved it..READ MORE;;;;
YoREAD MORE;;;;
It’s really good for those who are using first apple phoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobile at a reasonable priceMust purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
The battery life is the worst and except that everything else is perfect and it goes with the price. I would recommend people to buy it on discount.READ MORE;;;;
Middle class best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
bestREAD MORE;;;;
Superb quality & most importantly the price for the phone is really good.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone.. only display small.. performance perfect and so powerful.READ MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
only cons is battery and everything is okayREAD MORE;;;;
Battery health dropped by 98% within 15 days rest phone is 💯💯READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone.READ MORE;;;;
It's awesome iPhone MobileREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
First iPhone and I am really glad that I moved from Android to iOS. The difference is great.READ MORE;;;;
Nice!READ MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Hand feel experience is nice in these iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best Phone Under 30KREAD MORE;;;;
This is wonderful picture shoot by iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice ProductREAD MORE;;;;
WowREAD MORE;;;;
Good for daily use.READ MORE;;;;
Original productREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is fantastic only concern is battery usage.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
WonderfulREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery backup....i feel everything satisfactory.READ MORE;;;;
Every thing is superb. But the colour is not black it looks like Dark Grey.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
So good and so beautifulREAD MORE;;;;
Ishq phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good buy and worth the moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Other than battery all goodREAD MORE;;;;
It's NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile is excellent  but it is not for everyoneREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile display camera performance too good But I felt there is no any update compare with old model We are expecting somemore to develop Even in battery life gadgets some what Apart from this phone is very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Great productREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is good in all aspects except battery.. it drains very fast.READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Photography is awesome Battery is OK Performance is very smooth Display is brilliantREAD MORE;;;;
What  lovely phone i recived it for just 40099 thanks flipkart worth buyingREAD MORE;;;;
BeautyREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best i phone in this range.. awesome camera and style ...READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Overall phone is great. Battery lasts for 6-7 hours after full charge in 4G.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone se 2020 Great display Best cameraTouch ID is accurate Smooth display Picture Quality Stereo speaker is well goodPerformance was awesome Best Budget Apple Product.....READ MORE;;;;
Its a fabulous iphone And thanks to flipcart this is my first i phone i m loving itREAD MORE;;;;
Superb product. Compact and handy. Battery capacity is little low. I tried to stream YouTube live streaming using mobile data and for 3:00 hrs battery down from 80% to 21%. Overall satisfied.READ MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
Phone was not as expectedREAD MORE;;;;
Got this mobile at 25k.. Superb purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Works as expected...Value for Money...Sturdy form factorREAD MORE;;;;
Great Apple budget phone with mediocre battery.READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Good cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Outstanding performanceStunning Red colourValue For money Nice CameraLoved It!!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone 👌👌READ MORE;;;;
Simply AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
I PHONE SE 2020 VERY GOOD BUT CHARGING ADAPTOR OR EARPHONE NOT IN BOX I AM VERY SADREAD MORE;;;;
It's Good But iam struggle for Adapter ... Hope they will include adapterREAD MORE;;;;
Awsum product @ reasonable priceREAD MORE;;;;
Iphone is very good phone bt in the box no charger n air pods only mobile n data cable in the boxREAD MORE;;;;
The perfect budget phone by appleREAD MORE;;;;
Overall good...it is appleBut it comes without adapter and earphones....And remember charging cable is type c to lightning portREAD MORE;;;;
Pros iOS feeling good         Performance is good         Good quality building         Good display          Siri working goodCons display size is small          Poor battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
Needless to say.sleek tiny handy and smooth.everything in a single one.READ MORE;;;;
Superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Super fast delivery. Yet to open box. I will comeback here again for detailed reviewREAD MORE;;;;
Good For those who want small deviceREAD MORE;;;;
Its awesome..READ MORE;;;;
Excellent deal..got in 25K in BBDGreat phone and veey HandyREAD MORE;;;;
Its Apple. Thats all.READ MORE;;;;
1st apple mobile loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Luvly phoneREAD MORE;;;;
By God’s grace I received an original iPhone SE. My 2nd iPhone purchase from Flipkart and so far they have been on point. The phone is definitely faster than the ones in its segment.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing camera and performanceREAD MORE;;;;
splendid performance best in segment camera quality is very good but there is one problem is betttery otherwise phone is very awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent Product!!! Earlier I used small screen of the product but seems excellent experience . Only thing the screen time of the battery life is poor . Rest all excellent.Thanks to the supplier for the product delivery !!!READ MORE;;;;
Value for money and picture quality is amazing... As usual Apple rocks with the wonderful OS and GUIREAD MORE;;;;
Just an awesome phone with awesome performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Great camera Great performance Great processor Battery is the little bit issue.... Overall mobile is best in budget segment...!!!!READ MORE;;;;
Camera no doubt awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
GOT IT FOR 25k .GREAT PERFORMANCE .TOP NOTCH QUALITY .OVERALL GREAT BUY . BATTERY COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER .READ MORE;;;;
Battery and camera could be better. Night mode is not available in this phone.READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice one picture..READ MORE;;;;
After using this small beast.  I get that why apple is no1 company in the world. Go for it . Good battery life comparatively . Everything else is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Great phone and nice cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money product.READ MORE;;;;
Everything is good apart from battery life. Only 5w charger comes with it which takes 2h 40m to charge the phone from 0 to 100.READ MORE;;;;
Only wowREAD MORE;;;;
Product is amazing ❤READ MORE;;;;
Super performance my 1st iPhone Amazing camera📷READ MORE;;;;
love this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Nice performance everREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phone with A13 bionic chipsetREAD MORE;;;;
A good handy mobile for moderate usersREAD MORE;;;;
best for this price range u will lightly disappointed by battery but u can use the phone for some time ok batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Nice cameraREAD MORE;;;;
It’s good product and value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Best in performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Got This Mobile in great indian sale for 25999Apple Flagship Feels Premium Excellent camerasBut Battery Little Problem Should compromiseremaining ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
White colour looks awesome i always want black display with white back loved it.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phone  super .✨✨💪READ MORE;;;;
The phone is great.  Single camera is better than other company’s quad cam.READ MORE;;;;
Great dealREAD MORE;;;;
Overall I liked the phone and the design. Looks similar to iphone 8 and performance is way better as it has A18 Bionic but battery backup is average. The battery drains very fast but comparing with one price it's fine:-)READ MORE;;;;
I am regularly use iPhone but IPhone SE brilliant performance better than XR....READ MORE;;;;
very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Thankyu flipkart for giving this phn at the amazing price segmentREAD MORE;;;;
BEST CAMERAS PHONE❤️❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Superb camera beast performance value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Best budget I phone 🙂READ MORE;;;;
Product was awesome 😎READ MORE;;;;
Great flip card big billions day thanksREAD MORE;;;;
It's amazing.READ MORE;;;;
Value for money ❤️😍READ MORE;;;;
Performance is stunning except battery. Battery hardly last for continuous calls of 3-4 hours. As This is second mobile for me I am happy but if this is going to be your primary one think twice before you buy or buy along with powerbank.READ MORE;;;;
Apart from the battery this phone is excellent to use. Battery is really bad. With A13 Bionic processor the performance is amazing. Phone camera is good.READ MORE;;;;
awesome phone worth it to buy.READ MORE;;;;
Upgraded from iPhone SE 1to this  compact and powerful phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Display is little smallREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect for my mummy.READ MORE;;;;
Fantastic phone n camera video quality is totally amazing worth every penny but lil drawback is only battery otherwise I love itREAD MORE;;;;
Best Product and value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Fantastic product by Apple....Best iPhone for first time iPhone users....READ MORE;;;;
Very nice phone no batery issues.READ MORE;;;;
As usual excellentREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect small size phoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
If you are looking for your first iPhone then go for it. Its a value for money product. Performance like iPhone 11 because it have A13 bionic chip which is same as iphone 11.READ MORE;;;;
Holds the VFM tag...best time to switch iOsREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
This product was values of the money overall good experience in this productREAD MORE;;;;
fabulousREAD MORE;;;;
Its a good phone for indiansREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phoneREAD MORE;;;;
I thought I would compromise for the battery for all other speed and technology but very very poor network reception. Not very much happy.READ MORE;;;;
Very yREAD MORE;;;;
Nyc phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Phone was good but i wish they ship it with 1080p instead of 720p. Overall its a good product.READ MORE;;;;
I love iPhone  SE...beautiful  phone Rs 35999READ MORE;;;;
Very good phone 👌👍👍READ MORE;;;;
it's been two months and it's working great. I loved it.READ MORE;;;;
Everything Excellent🤫READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Just amazing.READ MORE;;;;
This iPhone is choice of those who likes small handy but powerful device.  Delivery service of Flipkart seller and courier partner Delhivery is very slow and frustrating.READ MORE;;;;
This Awesome mobile please go for it!!READ MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome camera Great productREAD MORE;;;;
Superb cemra Excellent 👍Really very nice ...READ MORE;;;;
Proud to own thisREAD MORE;;;;
Except smaller display got all the usual goodness of iPhone. Battery backup could be slightly better..!!!READ MORE;;;;
Super awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Best mobile phonesREAD MORE;;;;
this is just woww to say for display camera performance everything ❣️ only fault is battery twice a day need to be charged even though its charging is fast as an plus point😇READ MORE;;;;
Apple buget phone its amazing battery life good premium feel thnks flipkart fast secure deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Had to replace my 6S.This was the only cheapest iphone available.. It's a good buy if u want to upgrade...Look and feel is as same as 6s... If u don't wanna shell out heavy $ then go for this cheap buy...READ MORE;;;;
It’s right time to enter into Apple .  iPhone SE2020 low budget big benefits.READ MORE;;;;
Perfect Product.READ MORE;;;;
HANDYREAD MORE;;;;
Reviewing after a month of extensive use:An iPhone never disappointed me😀. I chose iPhone for world class performance and I made an absolutely correct choice.Thanks Steve❤️READ MORE;;;;
Awsome blosome new 3rd generationREAD MORE;;;;
Its a very beautiful iphone with worth of money..READ MORE;;;;
Nice product mobile phone is good but delivery was too late out of dateREAD MORE;;;;
Best performance phone in this price range . Only a small fast battery drainage issue but a 10w charger will charge your phone quickly in almost 1 to 1:30 hours . Really impressedREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Have been waiting for this size and performance since ages. Best of the bestREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone small cute😘 and powerful everything is good 🥰😘READ MORE;;;;
Very nice product but need to improve the battery performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Upgraded from iPhone 6 to iPhone SE. Worth it.READ MORE;;;;
Nothing like anythingREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
Superb performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Powerful beast . The most powerful phone in this sizeREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Fabulous phone. Feels so premium. Loving this compact form factor.READ MORE;;;;
Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Must buy if you can compromise on battery life and screen sizeREAD MORE;;;;
Best iphone and camera quality is very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Highly recommendedREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone but battery is low qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Loved the displays and camera. Performance is good. Overall worth buying.READ MORE;;;;
I want Add complete mobile protection 1 year so kindly guideREAD MORE;;;;
superb product apple but logo is bottomREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is fine except battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
Definitely go for it if you've a thought in your brain.Best compact smartphone with powerful processor and outstanding performance as always.READ MORE;;;;
If u r a 1st time iPhone user then in start its bit difficult but by time u will understand. The battery life is not that good. I loved the camera and just yo add this phone is same size as iphone 7 so before purchasing be sure about sizeREAD MORE;;;;
Best phoneiPhone is iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoooooooodREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is a jewel phone. It’s kind of feels premium to me.READ MORE;;;;
Value For money. Awesome iphone under 50kREAD MORE;;;;
Very good product.......love it ....READ MORE;;;;
Tiny iphone with great features osm MobileREAD MORE;;;;
Front cam useless. Display is very good as per size. Good performance. Battery is average. Rear cam is good.READ MORE;;;;
I purchased IPhone SE from flipkart....it’s been awesome experience and infact the phone came early also....iam excited and happy to have it!!READ MORE;;;;
It’s great phone in my opinion. Camera is too good but the only problem with the phone is battery.READ MORE;;;;
Nice oneREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone for the price....average use battery may last for a day with tweaks like power saving and low brightness when not in use. If you are not a heavy user with a budget you get a lot more than you ask for.Advantages of fingerprint and small size are the highlights of iphone SE.READ MORE;;;;
I switched from an Android Mobile to Iphone and this Iphone SE worth it.READ MORE;;;;
Jabardast phone and easy to use even a single hand. Very light w8.READ MORE;;;;
Phone is exceptionally good. Latest iphone software makes it more rewarding with latest features. Worth buyingREAD MORE;;;;
Classic phone with all features packed in it.READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Previously i am using iPhone 6s and now using this. SE has same display size as iPhone 6s and its very handy to use.There is no regression of purchasing it. Happy to use new feature and configuration as compared to iPhone 11.READ MORE;;;;
Best in range ...READ MORE;;;;
excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice and handy iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
i have switched from android to ios...and it way the great decision..ios is just awsome....this phone small iphone 11...READ MORE;;;;
Just feel the power & worth of iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
It's a great series of apple in low budget..READ MORE;;;;
Good phone but battery was little disappointedREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Great performance and wonderful finish.Battery power is not satisfactory.READ MORE;;;;
Except battery performance everything is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you flipkart for before time delivery...Very amazing product launched by Apple.. chota packet bada dhamaka... thank you HDFC card for huge discount.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone works like apple...Only thing is battery which is lower as compared to android phones in market...but good for quality users..READ MORE;;;;
Its simply amazingREAD MORE;;;;
Apple stuff always awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone.READ MORE;;;;
ExilentREAD MORE;;;;
SatisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money productREAD MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Best in the segmentREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone.. battery works full day..  It drains too fast - may be 3 times than normal use if turn on hotspot..READ MORE;;;;
This is just iphone 8 renamed and maybe with a better processor.READ MORE;;;;
Just amezingREAD MORE;;;;
The delivery speed is amazing I booked at 7 pm and the next morning by 9am I got the product Really fast deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Great value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Overall phone is good but battery is draining off very fast. one need to charge twice daily after 6-8 hours.READ MORE;;;;
Every one is talking about battery So according to me I played asphalt 9 for 4 hours and watch movie online 2 hours and then battery dropped to 21%from 97% and i did this work continuously and i dnt felt any heating problem .Charging time is queit descent for me it takes 1.5 hrs to charge 97% from 15%.So according to me is worth .Thank  youREAD MORE;;;;
everthing is good but battery is poorREAD MORE;;;;
First I was planning to Buy iPhone 11.But thought logically the use I am doing for phone.Its just compromise  in camera and display size.Being I am regular  camera users and not so big fan of large screen mobile.This the perfect combination of performance and cost effective product!!!READ MORE;;;;
It’s s a Dream come true...READ MORE;;;;
BestREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Such a beauty. iPhones are a class apart . The best part of it is that without spectacles able to read out even the finest texts which otherwise is impossible in other phone displays. Clarity is out of the world with premium feel.READ MORE;;;;
Thnku so much u service very fastREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
The first apple phone after 10 long years of android usage. Simply loving its flamboyance and features which works like charm.READ MORE;;;;
best camera n performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Battery life is very lessREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent!READ MORE;;;;
Worth purchasing this beast.Great camera( only in day light)Endless performance The only con is the battery which doesnot last a day Ratings:-Design - 5/5Camera -4/5Display - 4/5Performance - 5/5Battery- 2/5READ MORE;;;;
Everything is top notch except battery. Charge will drain very soon even for moderate usage.READ MORE;;;;
Firstly very thanks full to Flipkart fastestDelivery. Mobile doing very well working. Camera is Excellent. Camera sensor have ISight 8 CMOS BSI SENSOR GIVES VERY DETAILED IMAGES & videos. Other features also perfect.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing iPhone at the best price.. amazing battery life and latest OS.READ MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
I would recommend to buy this because it has A13 Bionic chip which is used in 11 and 11pro that’s the main thing what he has used in it and camera is extremely working well!!! You can even buy it for gaming 😊READ MORE;;;;
This is my first iphone no one challenge the quality of iphone but little disappointed with its battery it's performance not good. I think apple take some action about it. overall performance of phone nice.READ MORE;;;;
Great Product from Apple.READ MORE;;;;
What a phone. Good job apple. 💯READ MORE;;;;
Lovely touch phone....READ MORE;;;;
Camera and ios UI are awesome Gaming experience is very greatSome may face battery issuesBut we can optimize the settings and get rid of draining battery. So don’t worry about battery you can optimize it by settings.❤️READ MORE;;;;
i m buy this for Dad personally i have xsmax but when i see this i fall in love with this phone size. This is made for Real business Man.  Not for show offREAD MORE;;;;
ClassicREAD MORE;;;;
PerfectREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone. The size matters for me. After a long time using mobile single handedREAD MORE;;;;
Everything's great except the battery. Carry a power bank and you would be fine :DREAD MORE;;;;
Battery life can be improved. Overall good product for low phone users.READ MORE;;;;
If size doesn’t matter then this is the beast phone.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone with decent battery backup and powerful camera.READ MORE;;;;
The phone has excellent sound but battery is not enough for working people.READ MORE;;;;
Compact and powerful phone with average battery life.READ MORE;;;;
So Simple n So Powerful.But battery drains in 6-7 hours with regular usage.READ MORE;;;;
Mobile is heating while using camera. Battery is decent without gamingCamera is too goodBetter to go xr modelREAD MORE;;;;
all good except the front cam (indoor lighting)  . needs improvement to beat even cheaper smartphones.READ MORE;;;;
Valuable beast!READ MORE;;;;
Good light handy phone. Battery could have been better. Also night camera should have been included by apple. However NeuralCam solves night mode issue.READ MORE;;;;
No doubt on iPhone SE superbREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect Packing.  Impressive.  Only plastic was the layer protecting the Iphone SE.Perfect product.  Smooth start.  No issues.  I am writing this review after almost 10 days of using rhe iphone.  Its so good.  First time am using an Iphone.  Shifting from Android to Iphone was easy.READ MORE;;;;
First IPhone and Loved it Writing review after two weeks of usagePhone is amazing Camera is super.READ MORE;;;;
An awesome phone with an average battery life.READ MORE;;;;
Low budget item gud to buyREAD MORE;;;;
Absolutely a charm for the price given here. The A13 processor is really fast in every aspects of today’s usage. Camera is okay and display is fine.READ MORE;;;;
Great device and a true value for money!!READ MORE;;;;
Simply said iPhone 8 on steroids. Love it! A13 chip shows it’s magic. 11pro mini to keep the review simple :)READ MORE;;;;
I love this phone. Such good performance. AndREAD MORE;;;;
Handy set.. I love it so muchREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome👍READ MORE;;;;
Apple iPhone on this price with latest configuration is just awesome. I didn’t had second thought before and after buying this product.READ MORE;;;;
Very nice iphone seriesREAD MORE;;;;
It’s an awesome product performance is top of the worldREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone just loved it...Drawbacks which i faced but not a big problm are face-lock should be include if they put all in small package so y ths not and battery power too small.READ MORE;;;;
Very fantastic.value for money worth itREAD MORE;;;;
THIS IS MY FIRST EVER NEW MOBILE PURCHASE & IT IS IPHONE 6 SE EXCELLENT LOOK & ROCKING PERFORMANCE BY APPLE VERY EXCITING TO USEREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome buy at price tag not for the gamers but for the iPhone loversREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect pocket friendly phone.Small Body with Mega Brain.READ MORE;;;;
best handset under 5 inch display.Hats off appleREAD MORE;;;;
Simply Superb🤷🏼‍♂️READ MORE;;;;
Upgraded from 6s to SE. Got 128gb with  HDFC discount. Worth every penny. A13 chip is really fast.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome awesome ✌️😍READ MORE;;;;
Value for Money. Got it for 22k. Must buy.READ MORE;;;;
Just go for it.READ MORE;;;;
Highly recommended............Awesome camera quality.....Specially portrait mode.It’s worth buying it.Thanks Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Handy and superb performance. Product Red looks impressive. Photos taken seems natural.iPhone with a price band 34K including all offer is worth.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
This is my 2 SE loved it. I expected better portrait for object too but it’s only applicable for person detectREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone is superb no doubt but seller is cheated me seller displays his site iPhone with charges and earphones but I received only phone and converter so that i am little bit disappointed otherwise  phone is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
V goodREAD MORE;;;;
Awasome purchase till dateHappy with money spendREAD MORE;;;;
Super mobile in budjet mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Classy product....as always from AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks 😊 flipkart A1 performance 🤩Camera quality is great 😌 like dslr photoREAD MORE;;;;
Great performance but poor battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
Extremely super...👍loved it.this is my first mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent proformance. Battery not upto mark.READ MORE;;;;
Go for XR OR 11READ MORE;;;;
Good entry level iphone. And thanks flipkart for selling at such a good price. Got it at 34k.READ MORE;;;;
In the price range it is the best phone if you love iOS or already have Apple ecosystem.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing performance this is my first iPhone. Battery lasts longer than I expected and the camera quality is just amazing.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone on this price range Performance better good camera betray Abrage phone is good 😘😘READ MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Truly Amazing Extraordinary PowerHouse!!READ MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
i read a lot of reviews about the bttery on flipkart before buying it but took the risk and it paid off..trust me Battery is Optimized and it last a day easily for normal usage...READ MORE;;;;
Great camera. Good battery backup for normal to moderate non gamers.High built in quality.Loved the screen resolution.Screen could have been utilized more/fully by providing touch home button instead of flip button in the bottom & speaker at top which’s occupied screen 20% of screen length.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
phone is very awesome but disappointed with battery backup if you want to buy iPhone in budget so dont need to purchase iPhone X iPhone xr iPhone xs max Or iPhone 11 because iPhone se already have a13 bionic chip it's little bit faster than iPhone 8 so don't spend much on upper modles of iphonesREAD MORE;;;;
First I got a defective piece with sim tray little bit broken but I love and thanks Flipkart that they replaced that one with new one in just 2 days. About the phone it is perfect except the battery. I have to charge it 2 times a day but except the battery it is the perfect phone in this price range in my view.READ MORE;;;;
Nice Flipkart delivery experience. Was skeptical to order online. But it turned out to be a good deal @28k for SE 128GBREAD MORE;;;;
Beautiful product from apple with great performance but as usual costly.READ MORE;;;;
Purchased this twice in the family. I'll choose this phone over and over and over.READ MORE;;;;
It’s a small beast filled with excellent features.Really love the red colour feels really royal.slick design .Apple the name speaks for itself.READ MORE;;;;
The phone is good in all aspects but battery very poor and new phone on first day itself battery draining like 2-3 year old phone and not worth the money and should have better batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Pretty much old hardware at hyped price point overhyped device i would prefer going for oneplus in futureREAD MORE;;;;
Superb quality product with amazing prizeREAD MORE;;;;
My main reason to purchase this device is only for touch id (homa button) i am using iphone xs from a while i was badly missing this home button so much. so i only for this button i got this SE which is pretty much good in performance alsoREAD MORE;;;;
it is a great cell phone and very handy.Its marvellous for those who dont care about screen size.If all the time till now you dont turned to be iphoner is because of budget then this the time. grab this one.READ MORE;;;;
I loved it..READ MORE;;;;
Fast charge great quality Value for money best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
I have 7pluse before it. All is better than 7+ except camera. But still camera is far better than any android phone.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product in this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
That’s good productREAD MORE;;;;
Hey I am a 13 yr old boy my father gave it to me !!!!!My phonePositive!! 1) Premium quality!!2) nice display!!3)it’s apple4) awesome build quality 5) very impressive Speakers!!6) it’s cheap Negative!!1) SMALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!READ MORE;;;;
OwsumREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone is always the best phone available on this earth & this iPhone SE model is excellent for small screen users.READ MORE;;;;
1st time I bought a costly Iphone in my life... After several years finally shifting towards ios From Android... Main thing is Apple securty is to notch... Coming back to this phone its a beast only thing is small display & average battery... Summary report card - Performance - 5/5Camera- 5/5Display- 3/5Battery - 2.5/5 Privacy - 5/5 If you have a privacy concern person or already have standby android device then go for it...  Its a small beast from world of ios  by Apple...READ MORE;;;;
Nice iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile for one handed user. Battery is not to bad. Performance is too good. Thanks to apple and flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Just received today only .excellent camera .. had been waiting since long. Although a bit large for one hand use.🥺Till next SE launch👍🏻😂READ MORE;;;;
Everything is okOnly there is no option to direct call Through VolTeREAD MORE;;;;
Very happyREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
I think this is the best mobile for everyone specially for 10th studentsREAD MORE;;;;
It's goodREAD MORE;;;;
Lovely product battery much betterREAD MORE;;;;
As my requirements the phone is great at this price rangeFlipkart give us the best possible prices for apple deviceREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Super productREAD MORE;;;;
It’s goodREAD MORE;;;;
Very handy and comfortable to hold. Best phone to buyREAD MORE;;;;
Mind blowing purchase it's awesome 👌 must buy everything is quite goodREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
It is really nice i love it and this was the best one from the apple company I really love this product …..its over all performance are too-goodREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone for those people who want a small powerfully deviceREAD MORE;;;;
Worth itREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing productREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent Service. Thanks. RegardsREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone camera Battry display all r good quality.READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
My first iphone so good I would love it ❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
Awsome camera awsome performance but battery could have been betterREAD MORE;;;;
Power Packed Phone at Great PriceREAD MORE;;;;
nice product 😊👍!!!!READ MORE;;;;
Size wise feel comfortable to useREAD MORE;;;;
Apple is a BRAND . Nothing to say. Every word is smalll.READ MORE;;;;
Really I am happy with its cameraREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is complete one handed phone among the iPhone modelsREAD MORE;;;;
Superb❤️READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery need to be more thats allREAD MORE;;;;
After one week usage iam writing the review the iPhone se 2020 the mobile is beast like anything camera is super duper the phone is very good and battery is decent overall the phone is great and good performance of A13 Bionic chip thank you so much filpkart for giving this iPhone for meREAD MORE;;;;
Great delivery from FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks for FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Nice and handy and best phone I ever liked.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
AverageREAD MORE;;;;
Worth for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Super phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
All are good ✨✨READ MORE;;;;
Just loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Dreams come trueREAD MORE;;;;
Ok nice productREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
The product is good.definitely a premium apple product.flipkart should reconsider about your packagingREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Value of many the best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Worst battery life.Rest all good.READ MORE;;;;
Quality is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good speed...good colors...good compact mobileREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone under this price tag!READ MORE;;;;
Except for battery it’s perfectREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Screen is too smallREAD MORE;;;;
Budget Friendly..It is good option for who you ant switch from android to iPhone.. The camera is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Overall phone is best but battery drain fastREAD MORE;;;;
Good handset. Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Overall phone is very good..it just lacks on battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Overall good. Battery may be a bit betterREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Good Performance…READ MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Great buyREAD MORE;;;;
Just Apple!!!... everything is fine but u have to buy the charger also data cable for connecting with pc via USB cable.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Nice and more handlingREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Unbelievable performance... excellent product... value for money 💵READ MORE;;;;
It is awsm must buy productREAD MORE;;;;
Simply awesome!READ MORE;;;;
Best upgrade from androidREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
Speechless Wonderful Nice 👍 This product is really awesome 👏READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good product.READ MORE;;;;
Best iphone at affordable priceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice goodREAD MORE;;;;
Performance is goodREAD MORE;;;;
GudREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
The white finish of the phone is absolutely royalREAD MORE;;;;
Totally outstanding price from Flipkart niceeeee one keep it up goood team work…READ MORE;;;;
Phone is best product but it's battery was not working ....ukREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent.. worthyREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone and soo HandyAmazing performance. Battery is little bit low but ok.READ MORE;;;;
Very nice product 😊READ MORE;;;;
Worth to buy it and loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Very good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
It has a very good camera...and good storage space also...camera is 5'star....READ MORE;;;;
Beautiful phoneREAD MORE;;;;
OkeyREAD MORE;;;;
Good one if u r looking for small sizeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone but the battery is a major problem with the phone it always discharges very early but otherwise very nice phone and also never buy any Apple product just launced because the price deacreases after a month and when I bought it was 42000 but now 32000 look at the diffrence  and I added a picture clicked from it so you can see the camera qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Very bad experience of iPhone in month only I have getting problem in my front camera waste of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Really an awsm product but not for a gamer and one who is bound to use his/her device for minimum 5+ hrs s day because it lasts for not more than 3hrs in a full chargeREAD MORE;;;;
Best Budget iPhoneExcellent CameraSuperb PerformanceREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect 👍READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone in this budgetREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome.READ MORE;;;;
I loved the productREAD MORE;;;;
All okk but battery is smallREAD MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
BEST 👍😊 in it's range...READ MORE;;;;
Perfect buy.. handy phoneREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product thank you flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Great productREAD MORE;;;;
Just love the phone ❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
Compact & only for official works... Not for gamersREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
The best budget small-screen iPhone right now after the pricey iPhone 12 mini.READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
A light and workaholic phone. Can do a better batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Superb and fantastic....worth for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Good product Apple doing great work on itREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Bought this for my friend. He is loving itREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobile and worth it in this range. Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Thanks flipkart team.READ MORE;;;;
nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best productREAD MORE;;;;
Using since last year over all performance is good. No complaints till dateREAD MORE;;;;
Superb product. Better than androidREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing mobile.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Super duper in small sizeREAD MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Performance is excellent...average battery for normal users...liked the designREAD MORE;;;;
If you like small and handy phones just go for it.Its my second iphone and i like it very muchREAD MORE;;;;
The Phone Works AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
Performace is superb but battery backup is not good. 5hrs we get from it.READ MORE;;;;
Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
If you are looking for small device go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Just Go for it ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
perfect phone. small and easy to use .READ MORE;;;;
Need to improve battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
I was worried about battery life because of negative comments. But it’s really has good battery back up for which you don’t need to worry about. If you love compact size phone then just go for it. It’s really amazing masterpiece from apple. I am really loving it. Thanks Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Smart phone with good price but battery needs to improvedREAD MORE;;;;
good productREAD MORE;;;;
Superb mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Photos r excellent Battery backup is for 12 hours if ur screen time is for 4-5 hrs continuous Size is so good that it can be used easily with one hand Touch is super sensitive No lag whatever application is used Transfer from old iPhone is just 30 minutes nd tat too automaticallySound quality is perfectREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is great about this phone lelo basREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone. Very handy with its size and very efficient too.READ MORE;;;;
Great phone. Very handy and efficient. It can handle all tasks with its processor and still remains small and handy.READ MORE;;;;
Nice handly mobile with smooth performance.READ MORE;;;;
Must buyREAD MORE;;;;
My 2nd iPhone 🥰❤️ I just love itREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone for this price range for iOS userREAD MORE;;;;
Wow finally apple made a budget iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great little deviceREAD MORE;;;;
Great oneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Very good product A small handy phone SuperbbbREAD MORE;;;;
Good performance and cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Happy with apple productREAD MORE;;;;
BestREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phone. Very compact and handy compared to all other phones literally. There is no other phone that can compete with iPhone SE in this size range. I don’t understand why are all other phones so big. We can easily carry this phone in our pocket. I bought it for my Dad and he really loved it. it’s very light weight too and with the zoom in display it doesn’t strain the eyes too. And Apple is Apple…. A must buy :)READ MORE;;;;
Just like appleREAD MORE;;;;
Prettiest phone at this range!READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Apple devices good for soft use is my feelings. These devices are made to use with utmost care as without that these high profile & costly devices misbehave like pampered child.READ MORE;;;;
I  am happy with phone📱READ MORE;;;;
Crazy phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good iphone... In budget .. so far haven't faced any issue with the phone..READ MORE;;;;
Best budget iPhone ever made in the historyREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone is iPhone. Budget phone.All features are good. As usual battery performance is not good.READ MORE;;;;
It's good.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product. 👌READ MORE;;;;
Camera super good... Only issue battery is drained so fast...Display size small... All over good.... But getting hot so fast...Afer used 10 day review...READ MORE;;;;
Camera quality is medium during evening & night. Other than that Iphone SE 2020 is high level in low budget. Loving it.READ MORE;;;;
good genuine productREAD MORE;;;;
Very good product and delivery guy was very patientREAD MORE;;;;
The product is in a good condition.READ MORE;;;;
Owsm deal. Wait for the best deal and go for it. I bought it on Big billion daysREAD MORE;;;;
good thank youREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first iphone.. and I really thanks to Flipkart because of the product is very very good not any problem..I really like iPhone se 128 gb white colour is so good lookingREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
1. Camera is good in good light condition in indoor camera is decent 2. Performence is superb 3 . Look premiumREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Camera quality so goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good MobileREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
This one Valuable product should be buy when low budget👍#camera awesome#less price ever when sale start#good lookingREAD MORE;;;;
Power Pack in small budgetREAD MORE;;;;
It's very good phone in this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Would have been better if would have been provided with earphones and adapter..READ MORE;;;;
camera performance something betterREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
What an amazing phone.. Using it from last 1 week and it’s absolutely a beast!!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome greatREAD MORE;;;;
GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE;;;;
Super phone best budget iPhone must buyREAD MORE;;;;
overall this phone is good but battery backup is very weak...i am using dual sims and it stands for half the day only..i have to cary a charger or powerbank all the time with me if i am out my home.READ MORE;;;;
Wow super phone performance is soo goodREAD MORE;;;;
MUST i PHONEREAD MORE;;;;
Very Good but Battery Dren very FastREAD MORE;;;;
Value for Money.1. Performance is Good.2. Camera is Good.3. Easy to Handle.READ MORE;;;;
Good mobile but size is smallREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Just love it. What a beautyREAD MORE;;;;
Battery 🔋 life is less other areas are good worth d moneyREAD MORE;;;;
A bit overpriced but handyREAD MORE;;;;
Looks greatREAD MORE;;;;
Ultimate phone camera 📸😍😍🤩😍🤩 superb 💓🤩💕READ MORE;;;;
only 2 day delivery thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Phone like a beastREAD MORE;;;;
Don’t give second thought. You just buy it and you will love itREAD MORE;;;;
My 1st iphone and i love it a lotREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is best.It is trusted online good s provider thanks Flipkart.price is better 34k.READ MORE;;;;
good experienceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome greatREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery needed to be improved !! Better buy would have been an iphone 11READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Most sexy iPhone everREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome greatREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first iphone. Superb quality. Camera is one of the best.Many customizations and features it is worth to every rupee.Cons:Screen size is small difficult for typing and watching videos.Battery capacity is low.READ MORE;;;;
PerfectREAD MORE;;;;
WonderfulREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good mobile Camera goodPerformance goodScreen avgBattery not okREAD MORE;;;;
Overall it's a great phone. Superb built quality and camera is awesome. Only downside is display size. Big bezels make screen size very small.READ MORE;;;;
Very Handy & Capable iOS Device.Decent Camera & Stable Performance.READ MORE;;;;
I have been using SE last 1 week as of now am very happy with performance good going. Camera ultimateREAD MORE;;;;
Worthy phone for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent mobile in this range only problem is with battery it drains very fastREAD MORE;;;;
Good budget phone for iPhone loversREAD MORE;;;;
Very good Flipkart product iPhone se2READ MORE;;;;
Very nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Very good at that priceREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
It’s nice but display size is not sufficientREAD MORE;;;;
Brilliant purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Best mobile for my usage...READ MORE;;;;
The delivery guy was a good personREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product. Also thanks to Flipkart for the offer priceREAD MORE;;;;
A good phone at decent priceREAD MORE;;;;
My ¹st iphone Am so happyBut request plz give a adapter with this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Back camera got black in 2 monthsREAD MORE;;;;
Performance its awesome but battery life is biggest negitive point of this phone after 8months on normal usage battery health degrades to 95 percent (no gaming)READ MORE;;;;
good for i phone beginner n luv it small size only battery drained very fastREAD MORE;;;;
ThanksREAD MORE;;;;
Iphone is iphone. Best brand in the worldREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent choice for those who need entry level apple device. No regrets.READ MORE;;;;
This phone will give you flagship feel.. this is a flagship phone in budget…. Best in classREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is bestBut delivery service is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome divace thank you filip kart 👍 👍READ MORE;;;;
No commentsREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Amezing ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Nice keep it upREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent 💪READ MORE;;;;
osmREAD MORE;;;;
BeautifulREAD MORE;;;;
Literally this phone is great its my first iphone and i also play pubg in this mobile i would like to say for pubg players that it can run pubg smooth+extreme for 3hrs with out pinch of lag and camera you all know how great it is.READ MORE;;;;
I'm writing review after 10 months of usage. It's a phone that perfectly fit to your grip. Battery backup is little bit disappointing. Overall it's a good product.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
nice happy with the productREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Very fast and quick deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
It's an excellent SE Iphone at a very competitive exchange price. I had switched from Iphone 7 to this SE.READ MORE;;;;
It's a awesome set camera quality is also good . Battery survive almost a day with all day active in officeREAD MORE;;;;
supper cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Loved the lookREAD MORE;;;;
Best of bestREAD MORE;;;;
Nice i phone I am using this iphone last 5 months all are good Battery is too good All are best product buy it guyssssREAD MORE;;;;
No need to ask review for iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
superbREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Good and some time light cackingREAD MORE;;;;
Apple iPhone SE 2020 Flipkart assured!safely for speedy delivery...READ MORE;;;;
Good MobileREAD MORE;;;;
Good MobileREAD MORE;;;;
Only Display is small but performance is quite good. Go for it if love handy small phone with full featuresREAD MORE;;;;
Best mobile which Apple has launched in 2021READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Pros:iPhone Camera user have the best experience in this phone too all major features similar to iPhone 11.Multiple task is best for people like me who can’t wait to app get load for long time.Low budget best phone with many many features Cons: Esim is thing which I didn’t love most people will not think about going out of box to learn about the features need improvement for dual sim slotBattery is bit low but normal social media user can use for 1 dayREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first iPhone and writing review after 4 months of use. The best phone at this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Good quality and service providers is so goodREAD MORE;;;;
Unbelievable Price with exchange...READ MORE;;;;
This is an awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very Nice Phone...READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone. Quick delivery.READ MORE;;;;
Nice …..READ MORE;;;;
Very good Product. I loved it....READ MORE;;;;
Wooo It’s a very good phone….Smal and handy…Am already used iPhone 6 and IPhone SE is my second phone….So think..How I love small modelsREAD MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
Fast and sturdy phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone everREAD MORE;;;;
Verry smooth and verry fast🚴三READ MORE;;;;
Best class in the range of IN  35000READ MORE;;;;
Suggested for basic iphone users.READ MORE;;;;
No complaints on there product received via this sellerREAD MORE;;;;
Its absolutely a beautiful phone..READ MORE;;;;
genuine product.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent 👌👌👌👌😊READ MORE;;;;
Its a perfect size if your usage is medium heavy usage can cause some battery concerns but overall too happy with the purchase.READ MORE;;;;
A great purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Marked my expectations 🤩READ MORE;;;;
NiceeeeREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone thank u FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
No more hanging Smooth functionREAD MORE;;;;
Best mobile at this price. As we all know that the first phone from Apple at this price range with these features. Stunning camera as equal to iPhone 11. According to me the only backdrop is battery in thisREAD MORE;;;;
Super deal super phoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
Overall good phone to have for medium usageREAD MORE;;;;
Apple products are always the best. If you are looking for an apple phone in a budget. This is the one.READ MORE;;;;
Nice gadget...READ MORE;;;;
Fast delivery by Flipkart..excellent hope all products were such fast deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Very very thank you flipkart for this amazing phone and just one day delivary. Impressive thumbs up for that 👍READ MORE;;;;
Entry level iphone but must not be used as a primary deviceREAD MORE;;;;
Superb productREAD MORE;;;;
superbREAD MORE;;;;
Delivery was too fast within 3 days I get my product. At my door stepREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone at its price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobile.. good to buyREAD MORE;;;;
Lovely forREAD MORE;;;;
Super mobile and also budget iphone 💙❤️I love it its really great device And A13 bionic is really powerfulREAD MORE;;;;
Best gaming performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Good MobileREAD MORE;;;;
Only phone and cable. No headphones and charger. Phone is good. But could have better if charger was provided.READ MORE;;;;
Just loved itREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Powerful product but battery is worst in segmentREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product.READ MORE;;;;
the product was in good codition and im happy with the productREAD MORE;;;;
All Over Good But Battary Not SatisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
All the best but battery backup is weak every thing you manage therefore battery backup is one day.READ MORE;;;;
Good product.READ MORE;;;;
Great experienceREAD MORE;;;;
In loveREAD MORE;;;;
Touch ID not working properly and battery backup sucksREAD MORE;;;;
Good to use. Handy oneREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice. It has quality which you will experience after buying.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
excellentREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone but battery backup is not too good .READ MORE;;;;
Wow worth for money for this price I still use this last 4 months superb performance Great quality I dropped many time no damage in body and display thank u iphone and FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone I like itREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is good for normal use not for gaming it can use 2 days in a dingle charge when use less and rest is fine its for normal and light userREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
World standard mobileREAD MORE;;;;
It’s value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery drain very fastREAD MORE;;;;
Value for Money.Best mobile phone at the price range!READ MORE;;;;
This iphone is amazing. If you are Iphone lover trust me you like this product . It is the one of the fastest beast in apple iphone 11 and 12 seriesREAD MORE;;;;
Not for heavy users…works flawlessly.READ MORE;;;;
Ultimate deviceREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice 👍READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
M happy with itREAD MORE;;;;
Best iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice mobile one disadvantage battery is very weakREAD MORE;;;;
Good high end phone for this price point...READ MORE;;;;
Superb qualityREAD MORE;;;;
I love this phone. Battery is the only problem. Otherwise this is an amazing phone!!!READ MORE;;;;
Good Product Nice to See No Problem to Buy online Nice one don’t be Panic Just Buy And Enjoy ..!READ MORE;;;;
good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
GudREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very powerful phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
..As good as always..Apple🍎READ MORE;;;;
Best in the segmentREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome …READ MORE;;;;
Quality phoneREAD MORE;;;;
The best phone I ever bought.. I gifted this to my wife and she is unable to handle her excitement.. She is spamming her Instagram posting her selfies..READ MORE;;;;
Great productREAD MORE;;;;
Great value for money phone.READ MORE;;;;
Best in segment if we keep battery asideREAD MORE;;;;
Camera is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Good one but battery is not impressiveREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
AvarageREAD MORE;;;;
GudREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Little monster. With Apple A13 weapon.READ MORE;;;;
Reviewing after 1week experience....Worth every penny.... Best budget iphone...in performance it can beat with Android flagship phones...😘READ MORE;;;;
I really really impressed with this set i definitely recommend you to buy this until you don't mind battery paformens i have to charge it for 2 timesREAD MORE;;;;
No charger adapterNo earpodsWorest flipkart app don't by anyoneREAD MORE;;;;
Authentic and genuine product at a very discounted price. Value for money 👍🏻READ MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
Apple is the one poplar handset who make us so uniqueREAD MORE;;;;
Good one !READ MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
What A awesome Phone I love it and it is worth itREAD MORE;;;;
Masterpiece by apple…. This is the third IPhone I own… compact.. beautiful but really powerful and reasonable cost… best feature is its camera… thanks Flipkart.. thanks apple ? ???READ MORE;;;;
Chotu furiousREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product from apple. Design is almost similar to i phone 6 to iphone 8 kind of models. But performance it has the latest apple chipset. And design is smooth. Camera quality is also great.READ MORE;;;;
Getting heat while charging and battery drains earlyREAD MORE;;;;
I switched to iphone from android its an very good option. Ios is just awsome. And size of SE is very compact. For i feel like screen size is little bit small but after use of 2 days its very nice experience. iPhone just nailed it.READ MORE;;;;
Its a fine product but not for heavy user .READ MORE;;;;
This product is awesome and value of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Speechless......READ MORE;;;;
Nice iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Super 🥰🥰😘😘😘READ MORE;;;;
must buyREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is best but betray an averageREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone when you buy you will reliseREAD MORE;;;;
good productREAD MORE;;;;
Genuine product … good buyREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Use for official bestREAD MORE;;;;
Best PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent battrey is not satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Very happy! I gifted my mom . She loved it.READ MORE;;;;
It's a good product and value for money. Screen size also perfect. Budget friendly gadget.READ MORE;;;;
Nice mobile i am satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Affordable.....Simple and HandyREAD MORE;;;;
Product is good but I don't know why there are two speaker grill !as there are only one is on working ! What should I do if anyone suggest!READ MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone for those who doesnt want full screen and who wants fingerprint sensorREAD MORE;;;;
An excellent smartphone with amazing display and super fast performance.READ MORE;;;;
Good nice product ✌️READ MORE;;;;
I like phone apple SE 2020READ MORE;;;;
Nice ProductREAD MORE;;;;
I am using an iphone for the first time and i love it. The battery is not that bad if u r a moderate user the battery will go for around 8 hours which is quite good. The feel is very premium and at this price range its the best iphone. The Processor is very fast and everything seems smooth and fine.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent for small iphone categoryREAD MORE;;;;
Good deal thanks flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Overall goodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobile phonee!!READ MORE;;;;
From 6s to this … fully satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Good fone at this price(if u choose apple product)READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
AMAZINGREAD MORE;;;;
The processor is very good but the better performance is not value for money. I can play game 2 hrs after it's fully chargedREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Best buget fon everREAD MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
camera quality is the bestREAD MORE;;;;
Great performance Good camera and battery is not so good .READ MORE;;;;
I loved it after started using iPhone I become a fanREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is good except battery... buttery drain so so fastREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product & Excellent delivery by Flipkart.After sales follow-up till return day window by Flipkart is first of it's kind. Go for it.READ MORE;;;;
Gorgeous productREAD MORE;;;;
it is  very good  I phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very good product it’s camera is best and camera and battery life are too goodREAD MORE;;;;
Shipped the product very fast and product package also looks good.READ MORE;;;;
Small but powerfulREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Camera Quality is awesome And Performance Is very goodREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent Product..Worth the Price..READ MORE;;;;
Love it yey!!READ MORE;;;;
Worth to buy it...and excellent qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Satisfying qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone but not for everyone 👍🏻READ MORE;;;;
Very Very nice product.READ MORE;;;;
Best productsREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone but display size is too small Not suitable for pubgREAD MORE;;;;
No headphone no charger minus point Camera is superbREAD MORE;;;;
All perfect... But only one problem a battery backup....READ MORE;;;;
Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Very Good ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Nice but litle  more is neededREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Go for white colorREAD MORE;;;;
Superb performance 🤙🏻go for this 👍👍👍👍👍👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻READ MORE;;;;
Great phone. Okay battery life. It’s a good phone if ur looking for a premium phone with small size. It’s a little bit overpriced but not too much due to the quality and expected lifetime of the iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
This product is just amazing😙READ MORE;;;;
Good purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good quantityREAD MORE;;;;
An amazing phone with an impackable flagship processer best mobile parents and adultsREAD MORE;;;;
This device is such goodREAD MORE;;;;
SuuuperREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Overall the product is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
FlawlessREAD MORE;;;;
Great productREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Timing is grate..!READ MORE;;;;
Nice product ..READ MORE;;;;
awesome phone my first iPhone it's amazing and thanks to flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
The best phone in its budget... Dont worry for battery.... it lasts for a full day if u r not a very heavy userREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone everREAD MORE;;;;
FantasticREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Totally satisfied with the product battery life is not that much good but still performance and camera quality is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Love itREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing ..I loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Battery need improvement and display is very warm .. and overall this phone is excellent over performance and user friendlyREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
The batter lasts a day with no videos playing.The voice quality during calls is greatThe camera is good and took wonderful shots The speakers are good tooREAD MORE;;;;
Loud speaker is create clear sound .READ MORE;;;;
A1 phoneREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Finally back to apple family. Thanks Flipkart for the offers.READ MORE;;;;
Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Osm phone with osm dealREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Overall the best phone in this price range.READ MORE;;;;
battery some what getting down fastREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup not so goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good product... I'm really satisfied.READ MORE;;;;
The phone is superb bug seller didn’t provide a power adapter a d ear buds ... can go with iphone 2020  iphone 12 ...READ MORE;;;;
value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Lost it the second day i bought t this🙃 the product was awesome😊READ MORE;;;;
This is my first iPhone. I loved it. Value for money. Except battery all other things are splendidREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product Happy thanks flipcartREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodWorth the moneyREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Yaa good but small display for this you must have an ipad...then it will be perfectREAD MORE;;;;
The product is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice products It's really lovelyREAD MORE;;;;
Best one !READ MORE;;;;
Super♥️READ MORE;;;;
Overall performance of the phone is mind blowing 🥰🥰🥰Works smoothly with high load apps and not even break after falling from terrace 💪💪READ MORE;;;;
This phone was procured as a replacement for my 1st Generation SE which I managed to exchange. My old SE Gold(Iphone 5s form factor) was in perfect shape & no one would doubt that there was serious PCB fault which was giving me fast drain of battery(Percentage Indication) No Signal of the service provider from time to time. To get it serviced was not a choice. Moreover I have an Apple watch Series 3 to go in tandem.I believe the purchase saved me from making my old SE a beautiful Paper weigh...READ MORE;;;;
as expected😊READ MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
Worst battery life....rest All goodREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone of appleREAD MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
1.Good performance2.Call quality  is very clear3.Nice camera4.Phone is handy5.Fast chargingREAD MORE;;;;
I can't express in words .means that mind-blowing amazing I love it💕💕READ MORE;;;;
Everything is good and only battery is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Just awesome👍😊READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phone...easy to handleREAD MORE;;;;
Must buyREAD MORE;;;;
A beautiful beast!READ MORE;;;;
Best qualityREAD MORE;;;;
It’s amazingREAD MORE;;;;
Good 👍READ MORE;;;;
Super itemREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone 😘😘😍😍❤️❤️🤟🤟😮READ MORE;;;;
Very good iPhone at a great offer 😍READ MORE;;;;
The most powerful iphone in low price very excellent and super performance with powerful bionic a13 chip. You have to buy this iphone must.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is very nice but battery not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good Single Handle.. Phone 👌👌👌READ MORE;;;;
Perfect performance phone for who is looking with decent size of display. Small but powerful.Camera is not up to the mark. Glossy back finish gives royal look especially white colour is impressive.Added best feature is wireless charging and 3gb ram.The box comes with only phone and charging cable. No power adapter and ear phone included.READ MORE;;;;
Thank you flipkart for the delivery on timeREAD MORE;;;;
Simple & DeligantREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product. Awesome delivery! Less than 24 hours!READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Battery back up is very lowREAD MORE;;;;
Original Beautiful Product Good Service FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Apple only buy for a brand and security..not for speciations..compared to other brands specifications are very less in this worthREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phone..worth money but Battery back up is poorREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
PerfectREAD MORE;;;;
Very good mobile in small sizeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Very good spec from the price point for entry level iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Working smoothly as expected by Apple.READ MORE;;;;
Good product..value for the moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Great ExperienceREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone but battery backup is an issue. Size is perfect and good to carry in hand. Home key is the best part of this phone. During this pandemic I found it very useful because I didn’t have to remove my mask to unlock this phone as I don’t have Apple watch.READ MORE;;;;
No better phone to get into apple ecosystem Performance is just unbeatableREAD MORE;;;;
Camera quality is good but phone size is too smallREAD MORE;;;;
Size is compatible and handy. Its not too large and not too small. Its a worth purchase within budget with all enhanced features.READ MORE;;;;
very good performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Everything rocks except the batteryREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
I got the phone.actually it was nice product.good cameras &good display and fabulous performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is just aswome except batteryREAD MORE;;;;
I'm loving this miniature its so cute but supernova in natureREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome 👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Amazing mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Overall I am Happy and satisfied with Price and Quality. Apple is Apple only no one can replace Apple.READ MORE;;;;
Best in industry !!READ MORE;;;;
Nice product and fast deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first apple phone. I am purchased for display size and camera quality. I am satisfied for these two. The only concern is battery. This phone not suitable for heavy gamers. And continue users.READ MORE;;;;
Best oneREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very good mobile.READ MORE;;;;
Good QuailityREAD MORE;;;;
Nice products bat smallREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product from appleREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Best device I ever feel in my handsREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Good device no lag super fast performanceREAD MORE;;;;
It’s my 5th iPhone. Compact beast as usual.READ MORE;;;;
One of the best phone i ever use.    Best camera and value for money.    Slightly battery is less but good productREAD MORE;;;;
Cheap and best I phone delivered efficientlyREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Super 👌READ MORE;;;;
Best iphone for this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone!READ MORE;;;;
Marvalas productI'm very satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
e-Sim is not working properly rest all the features are awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
most popular phone in 2021READ MORE;;;;
Just go for it! You will never regret after purchasing it.READ MORE;;;;
Apart from battery and screen everything is super.READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Good and value for money but has touch issuesREAD MORE;;;;
ImpressREAD MORE;;;;
I phone is amazing at this price. Superb performanceREAD MORE;;;;
This mobile was AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
This Mobile was AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
This mobile was AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Started using. First iphone. So learning. Found smooth and comfortableREAD MORE;;;;
One of the Best phone in 30K in universe.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best product and working goodREAD MORE;;;;
Love the compact size. Taking a bit of time to be comfortable iOS as I have been using android for 10 years.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
A perfect phone for some one who needs a pocketable phone with solid chip set and wonderful crisp display.. Apple ohones are different class..my son is enjoying it. But don't forget to buy a nice case for it..as the phone is small and smooth to easily slip out..I bought a nice case at a good discount..czartech transparent back cover at 439/-READ MORE;;;;
If you are an I phone user and you want compact budget phone then this is for youREAD MORE;;;;
If you are looking for a reliable phone there is no other brand better than appleREAD MORE;;;;
I’m loving this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
It’s apple And Flipkart is for authentic productsSo at this price can’t expect moreREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best image quality in day light conditionREAD MORE;;;;
Good but battery not goodREAD MORE;;;;
More expectationsREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone images SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
Good one.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Too Good Quality ProductREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Ultimate & budjet phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is a very good and delivery boy behivor is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good but needs omprovent in battery section .. Needs to charge 3 a day to keep it running.READ MORE;;;;
Very nice productREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Se2 has good cameraGood chipset Good performance CompactOnly issue battery life.READ MORE;;;;
Nice small monster for performance.But in this price add charger adaptor and headphones also.READ MORE;;;;
best phone in this price in iphone seriesREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
This is getting overheated very quicklyREAD MORE;;;;
If you are looking for 1st iPhone IOS exp then this is best phone at this price. But if you are heavy user then battery backup might be an issue.READ MORE;;;;
I liked how apple is giving a security seal for online orders. Do check for a additional security seal on the box. I recited with the seal. It’s a genuine product. And SE2020 is more powerful. Liked the idea of small device with apples new chip and camera.READ MORE;;;;
Really worth it😇READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product ..best iPhone in budget. I got at fair price. Best design. Best handy sized phone.. performance is best as iPhone always does.READ MORE;;;;
Very Nice PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
This is totally an awesome product this was my first an apple product I use really really good performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Dream PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phone but one thing is missing that No adapter let gave in with iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Mind blowing phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great deviceREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is so good and the quality of the product is simply amazing Go for it!  worth of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
My favourite iphone forever 🖤READ MORE;;;;
Nice product thanks Flipkart I’m happyREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone... but for day today use not for the gamers and heavy users and Flipkart gives the message hone at its best price.. great 👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Best phone for those people who love to you small size phone best phone battery also very effectiveREAD MORE;;;;
It’s really awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
This is amazing phone on this price point!!READ MORE;;;;
Boom!READ MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
NYC productI impressed IPhone is always fine😘😍READ MORE;;;;
Nice product from FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Except Battery back up... All is perfectREAD MORE;;;;
Performance will be decided after useREAD MORE;;;;
Simply Superb..READ MORE;;;;
Super buget mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Authentic one. Very happy after receiving itREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Sprrrrr....excellent Big heart from me❤️❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Beast packed in a small package.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome camera but battery back is lowREAD MORE;;;;
In this budget for Apple the product is good to use and definitely the feel is premium.READ MORE;;;;
Liked it a lot 👍READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Loved the product 😍READ MORE;;;;
BestREAD MORE;;;;
All exellent but only one apple logo😝expected twoREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone..READ MORE;;;;
I am loving thisREAD MORE;;;;
Go for it..design may be old but performance match the latest editions..READ MORE;;;;
Nice value for money.... GreatREAD MORE;;;;
Simple yet stylish look and touch is just awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
As usual Apple is AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Really superb phone.  Its really superb then what i expected.READ MORE;;;;
Go for it only if you want an IPhone.Otherwise not recommended at this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Brilliant and awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
The mobile working well as expected but while taking calls the battery discharge is moreREAD MORE;;;;
Best productREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Initial impression that a quite happyREAD MORE;;;;
good productREAD MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is my heart....No one can beat it...❤️❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Lovely handset slim setREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
Super productREAD MORE;;;;
Good.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
it is good productREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Super mobile Happy and satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice product.READ MORE;;;;
Beautiful purchase and good and niceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone good qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Great to have both generation....value for money phone and you can get the latest iOS update for long time. iOS 14.5 running on SE 1st generation.READ MORE;;;;
GudREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent Phone From Apple.. feature loaded at affordable prices..READ MORE;;;;
Best phone under this budgetREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Good mobile phone but 30000 almost done 128gbREAD MORE;;;;
Its awesome!!READ MORE;;;;
First of all battery backup is sufficient. Almost Equal to nokia 6.1plus i used earlier. Ideal for professional people. Performance is awesome. Satisfied.READ MORE;;;;
the product is briliant and i will also suggest to buy this productREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent quality.READ MORE;;;;
less batteryREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Product was delivered before the actual date. The quality of Apple products needs no mention.READ MORE;;;;
Camera and performance are amazing. They could hav imporved battery still betterREAD MORE;;;;
This is good product but Nirmal uses itREAD MORE;;;;
Value of money Super mobileREAD MORE;;;;
GdREAD MORE;;;;
Worth for money!!!READ MORE;;;;
Good phone with nice camera & performance..battery could have been lit bit better..but still working good for moderate user not for a heavy user thoughREAD MORE;;;;
It is of my choice.🙏🏻READ MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
awesome product i have ever usedREAD MORE;;;;
I got a good productREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product and service.READ MORE;;;;
Except for the battery I am happy with the phone. Everything is good. and this is my first ever i phone. So once you get adapted you wont go back.READ MORE;;;;
Very good 👍. Price and quality is excellent 👌.READ MORE;;;;
Its totally worth itREAD MORE;;;;
In specification it z mentioned dual sim... please make it correct..READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product!READ MORE;;;;
Good but could be much better if Charger n pin would arrived with same costREAD MORE;;;;
Best because provided chargerREAD MORE;;;;
Gif but not great as it is great with the performance it just been like a race bike but with low fuel by the time it peaks charge complete only for light users or as the secondary mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect choice.READ MORE;;;;
Superb camera and excellent performance but i have used 1 month after that battery health 98% 😢 i m so sad So guys don’t buy ..READ MORE;;;;
Totally satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Literally Awsome..READ MORE;;;;
Very nice.READ MORE;;;;
All about apple is good but if you are a heavy internet user you should also buy a power bank with this phone because battery seriously will disappoint you.READ MORE;;;;
Super design phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Superb and on Time DeliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Great product!READ MORE;;;;
Pocket phone ... excellent performanceREAD MORE;;;;
In low price range device is good.READ MORE;;;;
bombREAD MORE;;;;
Performance is great and camera is good to. I like the most is that the mobile is handy. The main drawback is with the battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery all are excellent....READ MORE;;;;
Superb IphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Battery: ModerateScreen: Very goodCamera: ExcellentForm factor and design: ExcellentHome button haptics: EcstaticsOverall haptics: SatisfyingSound: Very goodInternet signal quality (in my region): Not so goodOverall software experience: ExcellentCall quality: Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone works fine. Image and video quality is good. But battery drains very fast if you watch video.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
PerfectREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Worth and best for parentsREAD MORE;;;;
Great Phone and got a great deal on Flipkart. I have also purchased a iPhone XS from Flipkart last year and it has been working perfectly. Thank you for the good quality.READ MORE;;;;
Superrb phne...all you r going to face is the battery backup..others are all perfectREAD MORE;;;;
Great instrument photo click niceREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone ....READ MORE;;;;
It is wonderful product it is good for money investmentI like diss productREAD MORE;;;;
A bigger battery would have been killer. Everything else justifies the ‘Budget’ iPhone tag.READ MORE;;;;
I am really happy with tiny and compact phone. just 3 days use.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent Mobile only battery is not so good for whole dayREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phone if you dine have too extensive use as battery is very small can drain out very fast if you use very much otherwise best value for money can’t complain gets everything of iPhone 11 at very less priceREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Very fast processorREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent camera and performance. Brilliant overall quality.READ MORE;;;;
This one is budget phone for iPhone lovers but major setback with this model is bettery life..otherwise this one is upgrade of iPhone 7.what not upgraded is bettery .READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
All is good except the batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone overall but battery is very poor. Apple need to enhance the battery performance.READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product except battery backup as you need to charge twice a day. Remaining are great features...READ MORE;;;;
Best budget phone in appleREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Completely safe to buy from Flipkart. I even had a call for warranty.READ MORE;;;;
Good secondary phoneREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
usefullREAD MORE;;;;
goooodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Has small size but the most amazing camera completely worth the money spent the battery is not long lasting but for it's small size it's an amazing productREAD MORE;;;;
good and worthREAD MORE;;;;
worthREAD MORE;;;;
Pocket friendly phone in both ways(haha).READ MORE;;;;
Awasome productREAD MORE;;;;
nice phone. value for money suitable to kid range better than iphone 7.    great thanks to flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Nice A13 bionic chip good Performance good MobileREAD MORE;;;;
everything was okREAD MORE;;;;
Just awesome I love it ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Its nice phone small and easy to use and carry thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
The name has it all!!!READ MORE;;;;
Very Best For Normal using People. One of The Beast Mobile In this AmountREAD MORE;;;;
Really goodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Battery level 99%READ MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
Good one / HandyREAD MORE;;;;
Lovely phone in the perfect size. just loved it . Great phone to use. amazing clarity & very handyREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect for someone looking for a small budget phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone & great phoneREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is worth for buyingREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product and also originalREAD MORE;;;;
All most  goodREAD MORE;;;;
Lovely phone iPhone is best phone in the worldREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone as I love small and handy mobiles ....wish battery life to be more in futureREAD MORE;;;;
Charger????READ MORE;;;;
Apple is apple no commentREAD MORE;;;;
Gifted to dadREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good mobile and handyREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Good for people who like compact phones. Battery life is okay for a day to day work.READ MORE;;;;
Super smartphoneGreat bionic chipSuper fast speedBattery slightly smallerREAD MORE;;;;
Terrific productREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Yes timely delivery and excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
good and best productREAD MORE;;;;
FantasticREAD MORE;;;;
AwsomeREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone for the priceREAD MORE;;;;
Good product  💕READ MORE;;;;
Very good performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phoneREAD MORE;;;;
excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
Battery quality is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Great purchase. Terrific performance.READ MORE;;;;
Must buyREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneCamera❤❤READ MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Good small phoneREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Moved from Android so called big phone to this tiny and cute phone. So far feeling good and liking it.READ MORE;;;;
superb 👌READ MORE;;;;
Great experience delivery boy was very humble and helpful..READ MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
Literally everything is good excepy for battery....READ MORE;;;;
Fully satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Guys overally this phone is awesome except battery..Go for it if the price is 25-26kREAD MORE;;;;
Really value for money.READ MORE;;;;
SUPERREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone and superb 2day delivery by Flipkart!!.. thanks a lot.READ MORE;;;;
nyc one .yu can buy from flipcart also :-)READ MORE;;;;
Nice to good👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Best iphone to buy under budget!READ MORE;;;;
GudREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup is very less.Other than that everything is fine.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phone... Display is good... Metallic finish.... Camera is also nice. Only thing is battery is not so good. This is common in all iphones...READ MORE;;;;
Great one ! Super handy .Only thing that lags is a Better battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
It is powerful. I am having a great experience.READ MORE;;;;
I'm loving it ❣️READ MORE;;;;
Superb l loved classic  tiny phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Worth a goREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Working excellent but battery back up is a issue which is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Best gift ever I’ve presented to myself.READ MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Best product value priceREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone name is is much more than its reviewREAD MORE;;;;
Everthing is going good until nowREAD MORE;;;;
Osm😍😍READ MORE;;;;
More than acceptableREAD MORE;;;;
A really good phone for the price. The camera is excellent and the speed is also superb. Rarely seen the phone hang. Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Keep in mind the battery that is average. Else the performance is great and cameras are good too.READ MORE;;;;
Loved it...... Smooth running. But battery backup is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice oneREAD MORE;;;;
Good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
AwsomeREAD MORE;;;;
Osm performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Superub phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice 1READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great Phone. Must Buy!READ MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
Best iphone under budget...READ MORE;;;;
Good no comparison with camera and performance. It was op🔥READ MORE;;;;
Super phone my 1st iPhone love itREAD MORE;;;;
Satisfied 😌READ MORE;;;;
Best👍READ MORE;;;;
Handy one❤️READ MORE;;;;
Earphone jack and a better battery life are things which would have made the phone absolutely great other wise also would call the product a decent one.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing clicks.....READ MORE;;;;
Good looking  black is best colourREAD MORE;;;;
Best purchase ever😍READ MORE;;;;
Good prodcutREAD MORE;;;;
amazing and battery performance doesn’t be better but cool👍READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone in budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Best in 2021 ......loved the phone i wanted red but it was not availableREAD MORE;;;;
Awsome iphone love dis phone 😘READ MORE;;;;
Loved itREAD MORE;;;;
BEST PHONE EVER!!READ MORE;;;;
Nice products amazing camera just buy itREAD MORE;;;;
this phone is just perfectREAD MORE;;;;
Yeah goodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Sexy🔥READ MORE;;;;
Great purchase!READ MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Great product with great looks and performanceREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
It’s best and sleek phone to use wid small screen phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best performance in small size ❤️✌️READ MORE;;;;
Valve For MoneyREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone 👌👌👌READ MORE;;;;
Simply superbREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Really good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone in budget Apple had did the best mobile in budget and kidney is safeREAD MORE;;;;
StylishREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
i loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Phone works great.. Camera awesome.. Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Nice cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Nice i loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone best camera best volumeREAD MORE;;;;
Good quality but without charger battery standby 6-8 hoursREAD MORE;;;;
Noice deal....😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Very powerful and compact. I love itREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
All good except battery.READ MORE;;;;
Nice product Apple is best phone camera quality best value for money 💶💶READ MORE;;;;
Battery is enough for a daily use. Small in size still powerhouse. That's the uspREAD MORE;;;;
Good product 👍READ MORE;;;;
Best phone in performance and battery and budget phone.READ MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Good...READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Super cameraREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first iphone & I m very happy to use it.I have ordered red colour which is give best look of this phone.Value for money.HandyExcellent performance.Super speed.Good caneraSuper processorHey Sieri work excellent.READ MORE;;;;
It was amazing experience to use AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome at this price...READ MORE;;;;
Awsome❤️❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
Using it for 7-8 days  satisfied by the phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Suprb handset...READ MORE;;;;
Average..very low battery back-up.READ MORE;;;;
Small yet powerful. Slim and compact in size.READ MORE;;;;
Except Battery Backup ever thing is fine.READ MORE;;;;
I really loved the customer support of flipkart for these kinds of costly products. Everyone was recommending me to buy such costly things offline you may stuck into a fraud. But really enjoyed buying it from flipkart and from delivery speed to customer support everything is just awesome.READ MORE;;;;
The phone best if you need a compact phone Rating 4 because battery life should be better...READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Verry good 👌👌🙂READ MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
It’s a nice sleek phone and it is definitely value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
The device is superb.It has a good performance and a nice display.its very easy to carry and it is a handy type. The main problem is with its battery.Battery life is not so good.If you are a normal user then you can go with it.....MOODESHHH 🍁.........READ MORE;;;;
AwsomeREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile and everything is good. Display size is small better to increase edge type. Also battery performance is low. Camera quality is good. I’ll give 3.5 RatingREAD MORE;;;;
NICEREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
wowREAD MORE;;;;
wowREAD MORE;;;;
Super mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Just one thing to sayAPPLE =AWESOME Got it for Rs 26k in a sale Value for money at that priceWill receive software updates for 5 yrsREAD MORE;;;;
The best..READ MORE;;;;
Its lit. ThanksREAD MORE;;;;
satisfied purchase from this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good Camera & Hardware at reasonable price point.Super fast Delivery by Flipkart Received next dayCamera Quality is great.Battery life is not goodOverall a good phone for users who like compact sizeREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Purchase from Flipkart... 🙂👍🙏READ MORE;;;;
New to Apple Family. So excitedREAD MORE;;;;
Nice 👍READ MORE;;;;
No charge adaptor.READ MORE;;;;
Most compact phone with great performance. Power pack device.READ MORE;;;;
Superb i loved it so muchREAD MORE;;;;
Every single thing related to phone is awesome. But could have been more carefull packing. Dalivery was delayed.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Delivery was very fast before 18 hours without any extra charges.READ MORE;;;;
HappyREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone. Just owsomeREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone . very good facility provided by FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Not badREAD MORE;;;;
Good Hands compatible mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Small and very handy And the performance of the phone is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
The product was good and the battery performance poorREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Good to use as a s secondary phone.READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Beast in mini sizeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobile with comfortable in handsREAD MORE;;;;
Good PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Simply superREAD MORE;;;;
Got this during the big billion sale. Totally worth the priceREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
GoidREAD MORE;;;;
nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
It's unbelievable😍READ MORE;;;;
REALLY NICEREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent as expectedREAD MORE;;;;
Just owsm .......READ MORE;;;;
Phone is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Very very nice product but weak about battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
Go for it..READ MORE;;;;
Apple is the bestREAD MORE;;;;
Worth of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
superb .....i bought first time i phone n i fall in love withthis phone ...........READ MORE;;;;
Very fast delivery and great priceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Budget phone and nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Extremely value for money Bought it when it was launched so got the charger and earphones tooREAD MORE;;;;
Good product but not included adapter in the boxREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone for performance camera and conpact phone i love it😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Simple phone with Monster PerformanceREAD MORE;;;;
Good as expected ❤READ MORE;;;;
Awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
PerfectREAD MORE;;;;
Good for small pocketREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing machine😊😊😊READ MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good product 👌READ MORE;;;;
Just go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Best camera phone under 30kREAD MORE;;;;
BestREAD MORE;;;;
This is truly a budget varient.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Better for this price simply go itREAD MORE;;;;
My 1st I phone.. MassREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product...READ MORE;;;;
Value of spending moneyREAD MORE;;;;
It's an iPhone. No other commentsREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is too week rest is all goodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone for iPhone loversREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone with great features. The best iPhone at this price range.READ MORE;;;;
Size is small but performance is next levelREAD MORE;;;;
Such an amazing phone . I am in love with iPhone SE.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
BEST PERFORMENCEREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product with amazing performance 👍READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone.READ MORE;;;;
Sad part is charger.we don't get charger apart from that everything is nice.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Coustomar Care we good sportREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Great purchase Apple 🍎 is always the best👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
The phone is super smooth.. with best camera but does not do good jod in low light.Rest I am happy!!READ MORE;;;;
Good OneREAD MORE;;;;
Genuine product to buy!READ MORE;;;;
its very good phone. Only issue with battery rest of all fineREAD MORE;;;;
Compact and handy Jbattery backup is lesser value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Retina display is looks good easy to handle with one hand.Feel premium but outdated due to very small screen size.Poor battery but there is apple magic alive most of the day if no games.best Software n security support.lack of apps in App store n less optimise third party apps than android.READ MORE;;;;
Fantab.....👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
BestREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product Do buy it only from flipkart Camera 5/5Display 5/5Battery 5/5 Performance 5/5Touch ID 5/5READ MORE;;;;
Good one .READ MORE;;;;
Everything is good except battery as its problem of every iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
Very Good ProductREAD MORE;;;;
It's fineREAD MORE;;;;
Wonderful little monster.READ MORE;;;;
Fabulous! Wonderful!!!READ MORE;;;;
I’m loving this phone❤️READ MORE;;;;
Beyond My ExpectationsREAD MORE;;;;
GudREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product 👍READ MORE;;;;
Good PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
fast deliverythumbs upREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Worth buying it for 26k at sale which i got luckily 🥰🥰...dont buy at regular prise.Best phone who loves compact size and like the old design of iphones with touch id ...performance is as always superb as it having latest  chipset same used in all 11 series . Camera is great as its iphone😅😅READ MORE;;;;
my dad using last 5  years i phone 5s it is the best upgrade. handy and low budget i phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Colour is very nice n classy... Spending money for buying this phone is worth itREAD MORE;;;;
Good ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is excellent except for the battery..Needs daily charging on average usage and twice to thrice if heavy userREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent Product and the best part is the size with the latest HardwareREAD MORE;;;;
Performance 💕💕READ MORE;;;;
Over all good experience with Flipkart shoppingREAD MORE;;;;
Just amazing productREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome***READ MORE;;;;
Good phone.READ MORE;;;;
After 1 week of useExcellent performenceCamera best Display quality amazingBattrey backup is good for normal usageREAD MORE;;;;
Best deal by Flipcart. Amazing phone for my useREAD MORE;;;;
Great budget phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good and excellent product good delivery best way ✌🏻👍🏻READ MORE;;;;
Best phone for people who need small size phones like me.READ MORE;;;;
Value for money Fabulas phone ever....READ MORE;;;;
Mst phoneREAD MORE;;;;
excellentREAD MORE;;;;
Device is amazing but delivery is very slowREAD MORE;;;;
BestREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Camera is very good but battery life is not ok as per normal use.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone but no adapterREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is very good but it has only 1800 mah batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone i lv seREAD MORE;;;;
Camera and others things are top notch only thing i hate is battery 🔋 you have to charge it twice a dayREAD MORE;;;;
superbREAD MORE;;;;
I am nee to iPhone and I loved using it camera quality and video quality looks brilliant .Best phone under this categoryREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phone..READ MORE;;;;
Product is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Fantastic mobile..value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
GreatREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Mobile & Value for MoneyREAD MORE;;;;
Its Original Apple ProductREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is really goodI shifted from android to apple recently and not going to lie it was a little bit hard to get adjusted but once u do it’s like the iOS is doing the work for u The small screen is very compact and can navigate using ur thumb itself Camera I need not say anything it’s op The phone is really fast and user friendly It’s a must buyA good product from apple at such a low priceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Excellent.READ MORE;;;;
Best concept mobile with best camera... but it’s display is too small bcz of the big bezelsREAD MORE;;;;
Always good battery pick is weekREAD MORE;;;;
Screen is quite smallerREAD MORE;;;;
This product is amazingREAD MORE;;;;
Fabbbb looking phone my first iPhone Thank you Flipkart!!READ MORE;;;;
Really value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Superb just buy it.READ MORE;;;;
One of the best Apple devices ever and best part is it’s Made in India🇮🇳READ MORE;;;;
Great performance phone but the only downside is batteryREAD MORE;;;;
If you are a work oriented person and you desperately want to enter iPhone family this is more than what you will expect. Apart from screen size and battery its 5/5. Screen size will workout only for people who need compact phones and battery designed only for less screen time usersREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent iphone at this price point.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome Phone...Received without any problems.READ MORE;;;;
The best phone in normal usersREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect for normal usageREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best smartphones released by Apple but the provision of battery is very much lowREAD MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
I loved it❤️READ MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
powerful small phone! there are small bugs with the software I have experienced but very rare. Overall it is a good phone. :)READ MORE;;;;
Simply superb.READ MORE;;;;
Best performance.. sleek design.. easy to hold in a hand.. awesome camera qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Very good product. Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
best for buck.READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Must buyREAD MORE;;;;
Smooth and handy.READ MORE;;;;
Good product 👍READ MORE;;;;
I am very happy to purchase tht product And thank you flipkart🥰🥰READ MORE;;;;
Its really amazingREAD MORE;;;;
Amaze 👌READ MORE;;;;
overall good except battries .READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
No defects in product. Good delivery.READ MORE;;;;
Good Thank u flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Very fast delivery serviceREAD MORE;;;;
I wanted a small screen phone bcz I have an IPad for streaming. I’m quite satisfied but I think battery capacity could have been little increased; 1800mAh is way too low.READ MORE;;;
I love big billion sale i got it at very low costREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
I was planning to own an apple I phone for past few months but during that time duration I see diwali sale and got this phone...READ MORE;;;;
fabulous 💖READ MORE;;;;
Worth every penny! Bought during Republic Day sale. Must have item!READ MORE;;;;
Good product and iam satisfied on your delivery 🤩READ MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
It’s very good mobile thanks apple and Flipkart 👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE;;;;
Best 👍🏻READ MORE;;;;
Battery so bedREAD MORE;;;;
Overall goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good budget phone. Battery sucks thoREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Nice Photo QualityREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone only if u r an iPhone loverGood camera Poor battery back upREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone and thanks to flipkart :)READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome loved it mostREAD MORE;;;;
Purchased it for 26KGood iphone in low budget.READ MORE;;;;
OsmREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome no word bestREAD MORE;;;;
Product is just OKREAD MORE;;;;
Apple!READ MORE;;;;
If you are not worried about battery then you can go for this phone blindly. Though it is small in size it works like a beast.READ MORE;;;;
Its a nice one..portrait mode is superb!!READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone with all features. I loved the way it performsREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice product but charger is not givenREAD MORE;;;;
Genuine productREAD MORE;;;;
Op. Phone bolteREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone I love itREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product Little MasterREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone with a great processorREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is good but the battery life is not satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks 👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Good decision to buy a mobile.READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
This is a really great iphone if you can't stretch  your budget it's camera is awesome it's display is great. Small but not sooo small that you will much problem.overall great phone. Thinking never to go now for android again.performance is op bcz of a 13 bionic and all other features are just fantastic.Buy itREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone ! I wanted a small phone and this is just perfect! I don’t face any problems at all!READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Overall product (SE 2nd gen) is good and performance is much better than its predecessor. Battery life is only 4-5 hours when playing games continuously.READ MORE;;;;
this iphone se is without power adpter and earphone. you have to purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Super phone but batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Flagship performance and quality. But the only concern is battery backup. It's draining very fast. I use 18W fast charger for charging it and it takes almost 1hr 30mins to full charge.Battery lasts about 5hours max.READ MORE;;;;
Very Good MobileREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
This one is best option instead of I phone 11READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
God oneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product.!!READ MORE;;;;
Excellent  product however don't expect much in terms of battery life 😅😅  If u are a moderate user it will easily last u a day provided u don't play any gamesREAD MORE;;;;
Budget Friendly. Worth purchasing.READ MORE;;;;
Small is screen size. Better to go for bigger screen size probably XR or 11.READ MORE;;;;
Oho goodREAD MORE;;;;
Well for my day to day use the phone is great.The phone cannot be used for prolonged durations for gaming and other battery intensive apps.It's a good phone for someone who just uses the basis functions. Even though the processor will support high end games like call of duty but one will not enjoy the game due to the 4.7 inch screenREAD MORE;;;;
Battery performance is lessREAD MORE;;;;
Nyc I phone seREAD MORE;;;;
Especially for those who prefer a small screen size.READ MORE;;;;
Everything is good expect my battery health has decreased to 96% in 10 daysREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone lover but don't want to spend more.. I think this is a perfect phone to go for.READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Great productREAD MORE;;;;
Except the unexpected class phone in budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Best and affordable phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks Flipkart..READ MORE;;;;
Epic!READ MORE;;;;
Worth for money .  Battery life is not good. I think Apple should work on battery. Over all phone is goodREAD MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent!!READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Absolutely branded iPhone se greatREAD MORE;;;;
they took a lifetime to deliver but the phone is a masterpiece.READ MORE;;;;
Nice product I have switched to iPhone it worthy penny      I got for 27k 64gbREAD MORE;;;;
SprbREAD MORE;;;;
Best budget iphone battery back up is descent gives upto 15 hrs back up nice budget phoneREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
It’s amazing phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Some time touch is not working on corner side little disappointed but overall great product thanksREAD MORE;;;;
Best budget iPhone Apple released. Prior to this I was using the first gen SE and was equally impressed. I prefer small screen phone so this works for me with the latest chipsetREAD MORE;;;;
Happy with the product... small but powerful.. does everything you need... battery performance could be better but still okay...go for it if you want small beast..READ MORE;;;;
Charger not givenREAD MORE;;;;
This pocket size powerhouse can get all your work done in a flash. Apple has done an outstanding job in terms of price to performanceA recommended device for someone who wants to switch from android without denting their bank accountREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is just fantastic. This is my first iphone and I am really happy with this product. Delivery by flipkart was super fast I received the product a day before the mentioned date.Don't stress more just go for it.READ MORE;;;;
I whose goodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone.. recommendedREAD MORE;;;;
It’s a best in Class in this price rangeI liked Camera & Day to day performance of the phoneBut yes Battery is bad side of this phoneIf you can Ignore Battery It is best in Class in every segment 👌READ MORE;;;;
Good Model with Finger print sensor. It is similar like Iphone 7READ MORE;;;;
Overall it is amazing phone. Need improvement in Little bit in camera and much more than in battery.READ MORE;;;;
Firstly i will disappoints you in many ways and after getting used to it nothing is better than this chottuREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome nd the quality of camera is also good nd it's a handy phone love u Apple.READ MORE;;;;
Osm phoneREAD MORE;;;;
very  goodREAD MORE;;;;
AmezingREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile I am 1st time switching android to iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great value for moneySuperb camera outputBest for Apple entry level.READ MORE;;;;
There is no charger nothing in thisREAD MORE;;;;
Overall awesome performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Iphone se is amezingREAD MORE;;;;
Awsome deal.. Thanx a lot flipkartZzREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
Best choice of my lifeREAD MORE;;;;
The best product and serviceREAD MORE;;;;
Superb very good item camera quality awesome battery life good if you are iPhone lover then you don't have much money to take 12or 12pro then this is the best item for you 👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Awesome 👍😊 foneREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
It is really a Very good phone and performance is awesome....READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone.READ MORE;;;;
Product as described. only drawback is no charging cable or adaptor which we have buy separately..READ MORE;;;;
Good phone..go for it. At offer price it’s really worth.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phoneREAD MORE;;;;
greatREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is awesome but battery life is very poorREAD MORE;;;;
Go fir it without thinking ....READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
VALU FOR MONEYREAD MORE;;;;
FavouriteREAD MORE;;;;
No commentsREAD MORE;;;;
Owsm productREAD MORE;;;;
Wonderful product I received thanks to filpakrt and thanks to Iphone 🙏🙏🙏READ MORE;;;;
Lvly Phone 😍READ MORE;;;;
Bugget  smart phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nothing is better than this SEREAD MORE;;;;
Good product in good condition received writing a review after 3 months but having heating problemREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone..worth the money.great 📷 camera. Absolutely 🤗 love it.READ MORE;;;;
It's apple budget iPhone you can at a reasonable price during sale. You can get it anywhere else at this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Charging point issue. Phone is not getting charged so I had to go service centre. Disapointed.READ MORE;;;;
best productREAD MORE;;;;
ThanksREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Product is good however facing some the problem with charger and replaced within 10 days from service centerREAD MORE;;;;
Charger and earpods are not included. They were only available in boxes packed before 30th April 2020. Kindly correct the description. Otherwise great service by sellerREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
I buyed it in Dasara sale at 24999/- as per I spend I bought a very very nice phone.Below 28000 it is a best compatible phone.READ MORE;;;;
Osm productREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing Budget Phone from AppleREAD MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
My lightning concert not receiverdREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice smooth finish ... long wait really love the phone 🥰READ MORE;;;;
Nice ...READ MORE;;;;
As always compact and handyGiving amazing experience...Battery capacity is little poor...It's worth on buying in this budget....READ MORE;;;;
Super product but battery little bit drawbackREAD MORE;;;;
Well delivered. Its originalREAD MORE;;;;
nice phone iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
ThanksREAD MORE;;;;
Super phoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Best productREAD MORE;;;;
Great value iPhone.READ MORE;;;;
a13 is stunning but display is very smallREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome hiiREAD MORE;;;;
Just as u know nothing can beat a iphone.Iphone is iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
It’s an awesome deviceREAD MORE;;;;
An Excellent phone for gaming and everything... But its only for one hand phone lover also a good phone for traveller's.. Its Record videos at high configuration ❤️❤️ but not for gamers.. Its battery backup is better then iPhone 8 because of it's cheap set a13 and performance is walla walla.. Amazing... And flipkart dilver is disappointed 😥😥READ MORE;;;;
Genuine productREAD MORE;;;;
Best photographyREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent choiceREAD MORE;;;;
At this price bestREAD MORE;;;;
Apple product always give best ever performanceREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good camera Medium battery life Unbeatable IOS 13 Compact size 😍READ MORE;;;;
PRODUCT IS EXCELLENTREAD MORE;;;;
This phone camera awesome battery performance AverageREAD MORE;;;;
Love this productREAD MORE;;;;
Fantastic mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Apple iPhone superbREAD MORE;;;;
It is value for the price and a good productREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Need for more advanced battery backup in worthe of money.READ MORE;;;;
Loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Worry free purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Still now working good.READ MORE;;;;
It is a good phone. I have issue with network which do not shows full strength whenever I am in home and officeREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing and very handy....wish it had a better battery life.READ MORE;;;;
If you want to buy apple phone in low price then go for it. Awesome phone in this price range.READ MORE;;;;
Except night mode camera everything is  too goodREAD MORE;;;;
Expect battery everything is buttery smooth..Just carry a power bank to insure maximum outputREAD MORE;;;;
Blazing Performance; Of course battery is a bit of a bummer.READ MORE;;;
Most affordable and adorable iphones available in the market..i saw many people criticising the battery backup it actually comes with a 5w charger but since it supports fast charging u can use a 20w charger which charges ur phone under an hour and the backup for a person like me who uses the phone always is abt 8-10 hrs and if i play games jt reduces to 4-5 hrs..not that bad but still could be improved from the gaming aspect.The A13 bionic chipset take sthis device into a next level.really lo...READ MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Love it.READ MORE;;;;
You should go for it without thinking much..READ MORE;;;;
nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Great camera with nice overall performanceREAD MORE;;;;
I got this phone in just 26000. Just love this phone Camera quality is greatREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice phone.i can run pubg on extreme settings with 60 fpsREAD MORE;;;;
best productREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
NICEREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone but no charger and EarPods.READ MORE;;;;
Great phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Iphone shotREAD MORE;;;;
Battery health reducingREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Battery is not good. Rest all good and display too small.READ MORE;;;;
Everything is great except battery.Go for it if you want a powerhouse in a compact form factor.READ MORE;;;;
Battery is weak it's only 1800 mah Otherwise mobile is great everything works fine till nowREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product. Amazing white color.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Apple must work on batteryREAD MORE;;;;
GreatREAD MORE;;;;
Full satisfactionREAD MORE;;;;
FabulousREAD MORE;;;;
It's good for use. Using since last 5 months.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
So far so good . But bit of costly according to the featuresREAD MORE;;;;
good but they will not give charger and battery is mediocreREAD MORE;;;;
Not badREAD MORE;;;;
Very good product and good supporting staff.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
compact and handy phone.camera is awesome.fast performance.battery is worse this phone.however comfortable support 24 hour for average mobile users.READ MORE;;;;
I’m happy with this cool iPhone seREAD MORE;;;;
Super phone and good deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Product is good but packing is poorREAD MORE;;;;
Everything k but delivery not intime very bad experience flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
The model i got is Assembled in INDIA which do-not have charger brick & EarPods The box only contains THE PHONE & THE CHARGING CABLE AND THE PAPER GUIDS WITH ONE APPLE STICKER100% The phone is value for the moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product value for moneyDecent battery lasts for a day for average userGetting close to 5 hours screen on timeREAD MORE;;;;
Good one... But you can't enable hotspot without mobile data enabled :(... But apart every thing is good.. I expected back panel would be metal... But it is glass.. My mistake of thinking that this back panel would be metal as like iphone 7 curvy finish ...READ MORE;;;;
Mind blowingREAD MORE;;;;
Bought this at 29950 of 128 gb model. At this price.. iwould say amazingREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent performance...love it...very fast delivery within 24 hrs ...READ MORE;;;;
My first I phone and I am glad to buy it. It’s is light in weight and handy product.READ MORE;;;;
I just love it 😍READ MORE;;;;
perfect product.READ MORE;;;;
Super.....READ MORE;;;;
Only problem se users gonna find is battery capacity is much low other than its a good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very very good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Good ProductREAD MORE;;;;
got in big billion day’s best offer so far.  upgraded from iphone SE 1st edition. happy with the performance. very handy and somehow one day battery life you can say with an average uses.READ MORE;;;;
Best iphone i love this screen size really its very handy and the performance for me it’s the best in price range apple proves it at last i would say it the cheapest and best iphone till now.READ MORE;;;;
A great smartphone on this valueSomething there camera are osm❣️And preformes  are very goodREAD MORE;;;;
IOS 14 update is amazing I love this deviceREAD MORE;;;;
CHOTA PACKET BARA DHAMAKAIf you can compromise with display size and battery then go for it....Battery is not so poor but not so good. It will give service about 5-6hr easily (not in gaming).....Camera performance excellent........READ MORE;;;;
Awesome smartphone. My first iphone!! It's a great device with the latest A13 bionic chip and also the latest software iOS 14 pre-installed!!! Amazing!!! Thank you supercomnet and flipkart!!🤝READ MORE;;;;
Happy with the product as I switched from android to apple. Got the best price for 128 GB. Camera quality is good when compared with my android phone.READ MORE;;;;
Compact and powerfullREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent mobile phone.  It’s only for small mobile users.  Initially I thought it will be difficult for reading and typing I didn’t find any issues from day one onwards in contrary it’s more convenient than big screen mobiles.  It’s not for gaming or video lovers.READ MORE;;;;
Brilliant phone. Perfect size if you wish to switch to small size phones. Buttery smooth and excellent camera.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product nice packaging thanks to flipkart & Apple..READ MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Very good product..READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is fine .. except  the box not including earpods and adapter..READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is great but the service of flipkart is very badREAD MORE;;;;
Since the phone size is small and handy which is what I wanted has come with the price of smaller battery which stays only for 12-14 hrs with average usage.READ MORE;;;;
i am a big fan of iphone se from 6 years.Iphone se 2020 is very good in terrms of speed battery backup.Camera is good but not too great.Phone look is good.READ MORE;;;;
Overall good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Overall all good.READ MORE;;;;
I got the best price 25999READ MORE;;;;
Comes with apple A14 bionic chip very powerchip which makes the phone a beast best phone for daily day to day tasks especially for women as they like small display sizes battery also good camera amazing captures brilliant potraits also good for gaming but dont the best because of small display size at the end this phone is suited for the people who do normal tasks like to capture great photos and like small displayREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Good experience 😍READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best affordable iPhone..I am a first time iOS user and I simply loved itREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Its seems small pa k but with big shot.READ MORE;;;;
It is perfectly new phone. No defects at all. I am fully satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product from flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
I loved itREAD MORE;;;;
bestREAD MORE;;;;
Good buyREAD MORE;;;;
Would be great if it is dual simREAD MORE;;;;
Good profomenceREAD MORE;;;;
Super 🔥READ MORE;;;;
nice IphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile is very much goodNo charger and ear phones were provided .READ MORE;;;;
It's a good buy for people looking for compact ios device at affordable price.READ MORE;;;;
Already an avid apple family user. Wanted to replace my wife's aging iPhone 5S. This was the best alternative that I could find in 2020. One of the best hardware at awesome price.READ MORE;;;;
Very thing is good but i didn't get any charger and earpods.READ MORE;;;;
Looks good and sharp design.Great smartphone at its priced.READ MORE;;;;
Perfect for normal useREAD MORE;;;;
★★★★★ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Good and best phone all android phone toREAD MORE;;;;
Under 34000 best smart from appleREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Processor is too good even one plus can’t beat itREAD MORE;;;;
The best iPhone at lower priceREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money productThis phone can use only for little time spent on mobile because this mobile battery 🔋 is little compare to other company mobileREAD MORE;;;;
It is an amazing phone. I had a tough time deciding between XR 128 @ 43k and SE 128@ 38 K. Eventually I ended up paying 4K more since I had to buy charger and EarPods separately whereas XR had it. So Deal Sucked. Product is amazingREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone but battery drains quite fast.READ MORE;;;;
This phone all things are good excepts its battary.READ MORE;;;;
Got awesome deal on Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Every inch of this phone is great except the battery life.READ MORE;;;;
Small size hence very comfortable to use. Performance is awesome. Look is also great. Dual sim makes it even better. Overall very satisfied with the productREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone in this price range.READ MORE;;;;
Coming back to an apple device after many years. If you don't compare the phone to the other models. This is a pretty amazing device. Don't worry about what people keep saying about the battery and worry too much about the form factor. Just use it! Much better than androids in this price range. Smooth experience. No lags or stutters. Coming from android small software changes takes a small learning curve. where sometimes i feel android is a little more user friendly. but that's nitpickingI'...READ MORE;;;;
Within 2 months I got adaptor problemREAD MORE;;;;
Phone bole to iphone😎😍READ MORE;;;;
Mind blowing purchase!!!Go for it if you like iPhones without giving a second thought. Recieved the product in nice condition no complains from my side. Incredibly happy for the purchase. Thank you Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Super mobile Adesha DREAD MORE;;;;
Premium priceREAD MORE;;;;
Old body but be brain. A13 is work excellent on this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awsome price and Mobile loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Great phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone withvgreat performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing selfie😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Value for money phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
I love this phone because of size🤩😊READ MORE;;;;
Good product except battery life which drains so fast.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone is iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best productREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Bought it for my Dad who needs physical home button on the phone...he is happy with the new iphone.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome need one more in same prizeREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice looking good camera super .....READ MORE;;;;
Smallest yet so biggest !READ MORE;;;;
Purchased I phone and really happy for it... however one thing is that the battery drains somewhat fast which is sometimes annoying. Needless to say that that is not a major problem since I will charge every day for 2 hours and that is fineREAD MORE;;;;
Such a nice product at this price just go for itREAD MORE;;;;
OkayREAD MORE;;;;
Good product. You will never get disappointed.READ MORE;;;;
2nd fastest chip A13 Bionic chip. Best value phone. Very strong and durable. I recommend this IPhone SEREAD MORE;;;;
excellentREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Nothing much to say about iphone.. this is my first iphone. Battery is the only concern. Apart from that all good.READ MORE;;;;
Nice oneREAD MORE;;;;
Better than cheap Chinese phone in this budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Overall it’s a good phone and very handyREAD MORE;;;;
Fablious  awesome camera white colour looking soo greatREAD MORE;;;;
So.......nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
All GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Always Awesome appleREAD MORE;;;;
It’s Good!READ MORE;;;;
Loved the experience. Highly liked the voice call quality.READ MORE;;;;
great productREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Great product at affordable price .READ MORE;;;;
FabulousREAD MORE;;;;
I loved the phone how the phone is... I like quality of camera display and inch’s of screen with simple handling...READ MORE;;;;
Overall nice buy.READ MORE;;;;
Gud oneREAD MORE;;;;
Loved the product got at big billion day at lowest priceREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone.READ MORE;;;;
Phone is good for your secondary device.READ MORE;;;;
Packed with features.READ MORE;;;;
If you are a moderate user the battery would be great for you.Apart from battery everything in this small beast is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice experienceREAD MORE;;;;
Superb productREAD MORE;;;;
New user to iOS but genuinely it’s great experience with iOS.bought this in sale at low price thnx t FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice as usual only battery problemREAD MORE;;;;
Nice iam very happy with the mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Nyc phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very Good ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent power packed compact phone.READ MORE;;;;
Apple Always GreatREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Incredible phone...will easily last for 5+ years!!READ MORE;;;;
Good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Camera 🔥READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Last picture from my Motorola one Action also from flipkart thanks flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
As expectedREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome & genuine product I love itREAD MORE;;;;
I phone 📱 se 2020 is my life first I phone I am fully satisfied with this iPhone but Battery 🔋 capacity is little poorREAD MORE;;;;
it’s really powerful...)READ MORE;;;;
An excellent buy and buck for money. Only downside is batteryREAD MORE;;;;
NICE PRODUCT ... AND GOOD PACKAGINGREAD MORE;;;;
Loved it. My first iPhone in my life.READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Good photoREAD MORE;;;;
I have got this phone for my dad phone is good because its iPhone but a problem is only battery if you can manage battery backup then you can buy this battery backup is really not sufficient for heavy user..READ MORE;;;;
It's one of the best Apple iPhone with good features for better price...READ MORE;;;;
WooowREAD MORE;;;;
Switched from 6 to SE...awesome performance and camera quality.....only issue i faced is slow battery chargeREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome...Wonderful price...Wonderful iPhone...READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
in single word “AWESOME”...//!!😊READ MORE;;;;
Nice product and prompt delivery from Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
The budget phone with great brand image.READ MORE;;;;
Everything is good but battery life is too low.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome. Loving it. Thanks Flipkart for an amazing offer. 😍READ MORE;;;;
Phone is perfect except of its battery performance. Battery drains too fast. Need to charge 2 times a day.  Battery backup is like headache. Need to carry powerbank OTGREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice modelREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first I phone & I am very much satisfied after using this phone.READ MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Apple product so always good....high price ..small display...but yes it's powerful and run smoothly.READ MORE;;;;
Product is really good and comfortable for the usage thanks to the sellerREAD MORE;;;;
Easy to single hand use .... good camera set up Performance is also goodREAD MORE;;;;
The BEST phone ever.READ MORE;;;;
This phone is very handy and cute. Finally we can say no phone is better than iphone love you apple. Love tyou flipkart thanks for such great offersREAD MORE;;;;
It is a Value for money iphone. It is superb.READ MORE;;;;
Good product.READ MORE;;;;
Best phone for this price.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent product from Apple. Very happy to buy this.READ MORE;;;;
Thanks Flipkart for fastest deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery everything is good. Good phone to use as secondary deviceREAD MORE;;;;
# 1 (Apple)READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup is too lowREAD MORE;;;;
1month complete to use and I'm happy 😍READ MORE;;;;
It is already successful product But Only one suggestion and recommendation Improve battery capacityREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone everREAD MORE;;;;
This is truly fab phone .it is very handy 😀 Camera is superb  sound is great. Smooth performance. Se 2020 is my first iPhone  I really love this phone .READ MORE;;;;
Superrr cool. Thank you Flipkart for your safe deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Love for Apple never ends !!READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Best iPhone money can buy. Only have to compromise on small display and batteryREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
I would only recommend if you love small sized phone.Only negative thing that I felt is battery could be much better 💯💯💯READ MORE;;;;
Perfect!!!. NO issues at all. Worth Every Penny.  I was skeptical but Product genuineness is maintained as you get from official brand site.READ MORE;;;;
Best in phone. Must buy it. Handy phone. No hanging problems. Best value for your moneyREAD MORE;;;;
As Expressed Compact PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
very good product and genuine also thanks flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
It is good for gentle use. I don't recommend it for gamers.If u are a gentle user and u like small display u can surely go for this mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Good not badREAD MORE;;;;
Loving it!READ MORE;;;;
Overall satisfyREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome iphone 🤒READ MORE;;;;
Overall excellent experience so far..... I would say what more can you expect holding an iPhone with latest processor within 26kREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is good.Except Battery Back upREAD MORE;;;;
Completely satisfied 🙌🏻READ MORE;;;;
Love it.😍READ MORE;;;;
Great Phone on a budget!READ MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
It's awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Handy 😍😍😍😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Good service provided by flipkart thanksREAD MORE;;;;
Good product at offerdable price nice one to buypREAD MORE;;;;
Overall goodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome 😘I love itREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone with great price thanks to flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Happy with the product.READ MORE;;;;
Got a great deal on this great iPhone. Fully satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup is low .all other goodREAD MORE;;;;
It’s really a good productREAD MORE;;;;
Best ever phone in iphone 😍READ MORE;;;;
One of the best optimized operating system in mobile segmentREAD MORE;;;;
Superb productREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is good even the battery endurance is acceptable if you are not a heavy user.READ MORE;;;;
Simply Super’bREAD MORE;;;;
Purchased first time Apple iphone and its performance is beyond my expectations.READ MORE;;;;
Superb mobile and thank you for FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Bought by impulse thought. Proud of my decisionREAD MORE;;;;
Great buy and super camera qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Once an iPhone user always an iPhone user...READ MORE;;;;
Owsom phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product....READ MORE;;;;
One of the best I phone till now.READ MORE;;;;
Best phn in this range❤️READ MORE;;;;
Cemra Quality Very GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Product.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone se is good mobile but is not for all users it is verry Pacific users Target an appleREAD MORE;;;;
Good product..value of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
worth the priceREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
NICE PRODUCT... within the price 25000rsREAD MORE;;;;
It is very good product camera is so good and camera has clarity and display has clarity but battery is not sufficient for continues long time user but performance is extra ordinary and very good I phone is father of smartphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Just amazingREAD MORE;;;;
Iphone products always better than otherREAD MORE;;;;
Very super mabileREAD MORE;;;;
Just Awesome !!!!!READ MORE;;;;
It’s amazing performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome quality 😍😍I like itREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product by AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Its iphone original. So there is nothingREAD MORE;;;;
GenuineREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Overall good Phone..READ MORE;;;;
Osm productREAD MORE;;;;
Its experince is above I phone 12. IPhone 12 is nothing in front of I phone XR.READ MORE;;;;
good productREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome cameraREAD MORE;;;;
love this supar fastREAD MORE;;;;
Good Photos and Good performance. Battery life is manageable.READ MORE;;;;
Apple is always good go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Bought the iphone SE as my secondary phone. Works great and the size is perfect. Battery sufficient for a day if not used heavily. Delivered by Flipkart a day ahead of schedule. And managed to get a box with the charger and earphones :)READ MORE;;;;
Really amazing. Got the phone just as picture without any damage or else. And also got it before time.READ MORE;;;;
Supper 👍READ MORE;;;;
Really the best phone for those who prefer small screens.Performance: best over bestCamera: better than any Chinese brandBattery: last approx one day on moderate use.Display: 720p but have good viewing anglesREAD MORE;;;;
EXCELLENT WORK BY APPLEREAD MORE;;;;
Not bad!READ MORE;;;;
Well its one of the best device that i got just under 25k. But please go for 128gb. I bought 64gb n now am having issue with space. For file transfer to android use xender. Works fine no issue. If its under 30k at the time go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
Quality is Good...READ MORE;;;;
Purchased it with great deal from Flipkart... Happy!!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome 😍READ MORE;;;;
IncredibleREAD MORE;;;;
Awsome mobile phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Worth the moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Overall good productREAD MORE;;;;
Genuine product... quick delvry n excellnt discounts during flipkart saleREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone ..fortunately got for the lowest price soon after its release through big billion days . Thanks to flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
This product is very good.READ MORE;;;;
It just ok..READ MORE;;;;
Good productsREAD MORE;;;;
Love this phone. Awesome performance. I missed the big billion day deal but still worth for 33KREAD MORE;;;;
Small and powerfulREAD MORE;;;;
great experianceREAD MORE;;;;
If you like 5 inch size phones then this is your best choiceREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phone in this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone in less rupeesREAD MORE;;;;
Value for Money productREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing🤩😍😍👍 Apple Product 😘😄READ MORE;;;;
Super fast delivery and value for money product .READ MORE;;;;
Loved the gadget but if we use it in 2020 it feels pretty small and outdated although processor and performance of this gadget is way better than iphone 8READ MORE;;;;
Except battery every thing greatREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Mobil is brilliant but battery performance is weak otherwise camera is greatREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
#valueformoneyREAD MORE;;;;
Very smart phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Simply osam.. Nice looking.. Light in weight.. Nice to handle.. Just osam.. Liked itREAD MORE;;;;
superbREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product 😍👑👑READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
The less you compliment the phone:  Very good phone: all the features are also working well.READ MORE;;;;
It's really compact & powerful at this price range. Loaded with lot of  features like other apple devices. But the only problem is the battery of this phone it doesn't last long enough & it survives around 4hrs screen on time.READ MORE;;;;
Finally Apple is giving chance for more people to experience the IOS by launching budget phones without compromising in performance like budget androids. SE2020 is good phone with performance process of A13 Bionic Chip which do very good jobREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile i am a first time user of IPHONE and it feels amazingREAD MORE;;;;
Battery Performance Very LowREAD MORE;;;;
All is well but network is fluxvatingREAD MORE;;;;
goood product delivery team have to improveREAD MORE;;;;
Its amazing  productREAD MORE;;;;
Awsm phone battery life was really good for normal usersIf you are heavy user then this is not for youREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent for the budget. Apple could have done more for the battery and the night mode on camera app.READ MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
1. Nice iphone with this price. I bought this phone in flipkart sale.2. Battery life is too good if you compare with i6s(i was earlier using i6s)3. For all those who like small screen 4.7 is finest product. Even i would recommend iphone 12 mini who can spend little more and like small screen. Iphone SE 4.7 and iphone 12 mini 5.4 are of same size practically.4. Water resistance makes this phone more rugged to use.5. Overall good to go..READ MORE;;;;
Very good product. Value for money. Loved itREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing loving itREAD MORE;;;;
Apple name is enough😛READ MORE;;;;
Good camera qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Too good.This was my first experience of iphone and i just love it.If someone is ok with  small screen then u should go with this one.READ MORE;;;;
Very nice and I loved it .I ordered it for my mom and she loved it alot Thanks Flipkart  for on time delivery .❣️READ MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
Vera level super mass mass mass mass good mobil sema lookREAD MORE;;;;
I have always satisfied with the products🔥❤️💯READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone with awesome camera and awesome performance. Got this @24249.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone and fast delivery by Flipkart.Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
NiceeREAD MORE;;;;
every thing is good rest battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
What a phone!!Absolute Masterclass!!READ MORE;;;;
This is special edition and value for money is niceFor battery you need to discharge battery 2-3 times and full charge after this backup of phone is very good.Only thing is screen size but no issue for me it’s vary tiny and small in size love it.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome Phone 👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Best phone only battery issueREAD MORE;;;;
Apple. What else can I sayREAD MORE;;;;
WorthREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first I-Phone. Switching from bigger screen size to small screen. Phone is very Handy with its small size.Excellent Phone with all the latest features. I am using dual sim with the option of E-sim.Fast charging and Excellent camera clarity. and sound also very good only problem is Battery will drain quickly if you use continuously. Bcoz of poor battery i have reduced my usage of phone which is a good thing for me.I Got the phone at 29K in Sale. at this price range for I phone i...READ MORE;;;;
Very good in performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Super phone My 1st iPhone Super Iphone ever in this price range camera is Awesome 😍❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
Overall phone is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good mobile with great featuresREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome iphone For budget priceREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best cameraREAD MORE;;;;
okkREAD MORE;;;;
No review need for apple everyone knowREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
small but naughty boy..READ MORE;;;;
excellentREAD MORE;;;;
retina display is wowwREAD MORE;;;;
excellent product.READ MORE;;;;
Super productREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome device. Only that if knew iPhone 12 mini was on the cards would’ve waited for it. Only for the smaller screen size. Otherwise this device is just awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good productsREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is sach a weapon 😍READ MORE;;;;
Very good mobile I recommend itREAD MORE;;;;
Over all niceREAD MORE;;;;
nice oneREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is good battery is issueREAD MORE;;;;
Budget phone. Totally worth it. If you are not fond of those big screen mobiles then this mobile is just perfect for you. Nice grip and fit. Nice camera and user interface.READ MORE;;;;
Nothing much impressive other than A13 Bionic chipset . Rest everything seems just fine for regular usageREAD MORE;;;;
Good but charging issue sometimesREAD MORE;;;;
best ever price 24700READ MORE;;;;
There are no other phone in the market to compare with an iPhone.READ MORE;;;;
Tiny dynamic monster just needed little more battery life optimisation.READ MORE;;;;
To be honest if you are an one handed user it’s a perfect deal battery is average loved thisREAD MORE;;;;
My experience after 3 months of usage...Camera quality....4.7 ( currently I'm using oneplus 6t ) But This phone Have the best in class Camera.....if u are a night photographer I suggest use the neural cam app u can get such a Fantastic photos Display.....4.9 I can't find such type of issuesBattery...everyone saying Battery was poor but trust me My phone gives me 1day+ battery life if u don't believe j can Msg me through Instagram I will give u proof my inst id( Mrutyunjay barik ) if u are ...READ MORE;;;;
Awesome device. I recommend an upgrade to ios from android. It’s awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
SatisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
The product is good. Apple. But Delivery was too much delayed and no reasons updated. Very Disappointing.READ MORE;;;;
Good...READ MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product from Apple. Great phone for decent users.READ MORE;;;;
Best phone. Camera & overall performance is well. Also if you previously used some big screen mobile then it feels too small.But completely disappointed with battery performance. Mobile heats if you are watching videos on YouTube or some heavy app. Battery drains much fast. Also apple doesn’t provides fast charging adapter even after this phone supports fast charging. You have to charge it two or thrice in a day if you are spending more time on mobile. But at the end best budget iphone.READ MORE;;;;
excellent phone....READ MORE;;;;
Thumps UpREAD MORE;;;;
Really loved it because it's too small nd beautiful! Using it as my duty phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Loved it..READ MORE;;;;
1.Performance-Outstanding 2.camera-If you want real picture like Sony camera Go for it3.Battery-Normal use one full day no any issue 4.price-purchase it in big billion sellREAD MORE;;;;
Comfortable and sexy phone..🤑🤑😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Except the battery everything is fineREAD MORE;;;;
Good performance but bad battery life.READ MORE;;;;
Everything in this phone is good except the battery life. It cannot survive more than 4 hours of regular usage.READ MORE;;;;
Iphone SE .............it is not for rich people and it is a good phone for beginners of apple.READ MORE;;;;
Worth purchase !! Good in everything!!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
good is this price segmentREAD MORE;;;;
SatisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
BestREAD MORE;;;;
No Description Needed!!READ MORE;;;;
The bestREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product 👌READ MORE;;;;
Awesome affordable phoneREAD MORE;;;;
I moved to ios from an android . Its small and amazing...Loving this phone ...love for iphone seREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Its super gooood .....READ MORE;;;;
Just AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Its great thank youREAD MORE;;;;
I was using an iPhone 6 and don’t really wanted to upgrade due to the large size of phone. SE 2 is a decent upgrade as it’s a power packed version and feels like the same old iPhone 6 on hand. But strictly for normal usage.. Of one is glued to the phone kind then battery will be an issue. If ur usage is between 3 to 4 hours then it’s a good buy. Above all during the sale the price was a killer in Flipkart...and product was genuine...READ MORE;;;;
Red is the best.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent phone value for moneyGreat experience with iOS 14With on.1 camera all features are very good Battery health issue and battery backup is not good authorise all goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Simply  AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Really loving this product being my first to Apple eco systemREAD MORE;;;;
Everything about iphone se is excellent except battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
nyc phne simplyREAD MORE;;;;
awesome product I am happy with cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Highly recommended.. thank you Flipkart..READ MORE;;;;
Superb product.READ MORE;;;;
Best compact phoneREAD MORE;;;;
A nice phone. A budget iPhone with most features of iPhone 11.READ MORE;;;;
Loved it..READ MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Superb..READ MORE;;;;
I bought this in the big billion sale for 24500 The phone is extremely good for the price and value for every rupee I paid.No lag what so every and powerhouse of a phone. It is compact phone and fits in pocket and you don't even feel it.I like that it has wireless charging and is water resistant which is good as I lost my last phone to water spill.A small battery is both a disadvantage and an advantage also it charges very fast but needs to be charged twice a day as I'm a heavy user o...READ MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
It’s just an amazing feeling while having an iphone se in my hand. Everything is cool but the battery could be more better and more long lastingREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Mobile🤟🤟🤟Camera Quality is just outstanding...READ MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
It was good.READ MORE;;;;
A cute hang iPhone with premium feel...READ MORE;;;;
Amazing product and also worthy.READ MORE;;;;
Good mobile I like thisREAD MORE;;;;
Best of the iphone with in this range budget phoneREAD MORE;;;;
The Best Budget Iphone Except For Its BatteryREAD MORE;;;;
Original product delivered on time. Product quality is good. Happy to receive original iPhone SE online.READ MORE;;;;
Camera-5/5Bettery -4/5Display-5/5Performance-5/5READ MORE;;;;
value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Superb no more thinking for thisREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice 😊👌READ MORE;;;;
Great phone!!READ MORE;;;;
Great phone.. have been an iPhone user for a few years now and loved SE as well. The only problem with iPhone is the battery performance!READ MORE;;;;
Good mobil I am purchase 24000 rs only thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
I love this product...READ MORE;;;;
Nice cameraREAD MORE;;;;
I love this product ...READ MORE;;;;
PerfectREAD MORE;;;;
GudREAD MORE;;;;
I got it only in 24749 rs only just loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone under 30k . Battery is big issue in this phone only for gamers otherwise complete package and good for those who need small size phone easy to handle (bcz most android are coming with big big 6.5 inch) and ya i u have budget go for XR big screen n big batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Super mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Best oneREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is awesome except battery performance.READ MORE;;;;
Not bad for the moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Product is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good ✨READ MORE;;;;
Just loved this beauty. No words for this white beauty. Excellent performance.READ MORE;;;;
Gifted to my Mom. Good preformanceREAD MORE;;;;
It’s just awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
The product is awesome and budget friendly.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome !READ MORE;;;;
Nice experience again with iPhone se2 earlier used iPhone 4s after that switched to android for several years again switched to iPhone and really happy to have it...not a gamer normal user this phone rocks battery is more than ok after using almost all day with little bit of social media apps YouTube when I get back to home am left with 65 to 70% charge for small and compact phone lovers this is it just loving it in my hand also high grade processor got it on Diwali discount full value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Good  oneREAD MORE;;;;
A good phone with high performance no lag pubg is running like waterREAD MORE;;;;
PerfectREAD MORE;;;;
Everything thing is fine but price drops after my purchase 😭😭😭😭READ MORE;;;;
Got for a dashing deal. One of the best budget phone to buy in 2020.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
It’s good phone with value for money. Battery life could have been better !READ MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent choiceREAD MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent Everything best@26000READ MORE;;;;
Got iPhone SE 2020 in sale for 25999Best price for an iPhone launched 5-6 months back..READ MORE;;;;
Super performance. Thank youREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
It’s a perfect phone if your a musician and like compact phones which look professional and cool at the same time .I have very big hands but I’m still finding the keyboard satisfactory because of bold letters in settings on iPhone .Although it has A13 Bionic chip this phone can run any game smoothly with ease on high graphics but this phone is NOT FOR GAMING please don’t buy it for gaming .I am an engineering student so I’m finding the apple ecosystem perfect I got used to airdrop I messages...READ MORE;;;;
Best phone at the rate of 26000 .. thanks flipkart !!!READ MORE;;;;
Nice product Processor is best in this price point. Quality of apple product is top notch. Camera is best. Battery backup is not satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone but the battery is really bad This phone is not suitable for gamingGood gift for kidsREAD MORE;;;;
Thnk u for flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Best value for money in26kREAD MORE;;;;
Loved the product and if you are not gamer then this iphone is for you...READ MORE;;;;
Excellent Phone!READ MORE;;;;
Best for the money I paid. Good battery Life. Lasts a day with normal social media usage n more usage for team's n outlook. For an IT professional it's a best n worthy phone. I got a great discount on BBD thank you FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
OP product and good for productivityREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Got at a awesome discount price. Best value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
As always compact and handy :-)4.7 inch type should definitely go for thisGood Camera Quality. Pictures are sharp.It’s worth buying on this budget..4/5 my ratingREAD MORE;;;;
Great camera!Great performance!Good battery life!Overall best deal!READ MORE;;;;
Value for money and may increase the battery capacity..But the way of flipkart deliver the product very lazy and slower process. Poor Service. Flipkart only concentrate Cash on delivery.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent product. Comes with earpods and phone charger.READ MORE;;;;
Buy it for 24k at Flipkart amazing purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome cheap product (kum daam mein bada pataka) !!!! Dont buy now wait for SE 3 next year !!!READ MORE;;;;
Best iPhone ever❤️READ MORE;;;;
Mobile is absolutely nice but battery backup is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product with this price. Who loves quality definitely choose this on this cost.READ MORE;;;;
Looks pretty in hand...READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product. Don’t miss the opportunityREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile performance is good. Only problem is you have two charge twice in a dayREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone. Battery backup can be improved.READ MORE;;;;
It's handy Phone. Very nice performance. I am not satisfied with its battery performance. Go for it. 👍READ MORE;;;;
Superb I loved it very small but very smoothREAD MORE;;;;
want a camera phone! go for it .got it for 25k on big billion .came out to be best value for money product . A13.. the all you wantREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
An impressive package of performance and design. Apt for professional uses such as official tasks etc. Battery life is satisfactory but you do have to charge the phone on a daily basis for an hour or so. Rest assured this product is really sturdy thanks to the developers.READ MORE;;;;
AverageREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone for those who are switching from Android to iOSWorth to buy it!READ MORE;;;;
Its Just awsome and u wont regret ones u bought itREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Super cool Phone u you have take 128gb romREAD MORE;;;;
Love this I phone thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
good as per the price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
The device is small and compact just the way I wanted but the battery is very bad I am writing this review after exactly 1 month the performance is really goodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobile camera superb quality music is excellentREAD MORE;;;;
item is good but delivery was pathetic due to the agentREAD MORE;;;;
Battery dry very quicklyREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice and good looking phone in reasonable price thanks apple and flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Genuine product of appleREAD MORE;;;;
Mini in size but much powerful than any other latest android phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone in all ways. Good value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Very good phone old modern and latest version @32999READ MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
My first iPhone and I Simply loved it. Not for someone who plays games. This is a small beast with great value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Ultimate phone...and valve for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Simply awesome !!! Enjoying my first iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Received iphone se 2020. This is my 3 iphone using previous using 1+ 7T. Feeling again greatness Assembled in California Made in India. Wow........READ MORE;;;;
Best quality iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone but battery backup is badREAD MORE;;;;
Super phoneREAD MORE;;;;
After using for almost a year. It's clear that it has straight battery issues. Performance is remarkable but when it comes to battery it feels like you need to carry power bank everywhere because you can't spend your whole day on a single charge.READ MORE;;;;
loved alotREAD MORE;;;;
Nice 🥰🥰🥰😘READ MORE;;;;
I just love this productREAD MORE;;;;
i got it @ 26000 and its the beast with a13 bionic chipset vintage design .. i really loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Super 🤟READ MORE;;;;
Good mobile value for money phoneREAD MORE;;;;
I got at 26000 value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone in performance games runs on full graphics don’t even lag but phone realeas heats and battery maybe bad for gamers .excellent phone for moderate users and I’m a 14 year old kid and you can think how much I use my phone. (Beast phone)READ MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Not that much as we generally exite when we hands on a new phone. Its just like highly familiar one indeed. That's it. Actually i like traditional touch. Enjoying.READ MORE;;;;
This is ossom but battery is not perfect u will use power bank that’s so goodREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone you can buy at this price to experience seamless iOS experience. Nothing beats the way iOS works.READ MORE;;;;
All know apple is awesome but the battery is poor ..Apple think about that ...Thanks flipkart..READ MORE;;;;
thank youREAD MORE;;;;
Smooth performance and pocket friendly. Photos taken using this phone are great. Worth the money!READ MORE;;;;
Just fabulousREAD MORE;;;;
Great Device and Servicebad batteryGreat ApplaudREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
WonderfulREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone. Only battery issues is there. It's need to charge two times in daily for normal user.READ MORE;;;;
Nice One. thanks flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
NICE  PRODUCTREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money ! I am using since 1 month no defectsREAD MORE;;;;
I love appleREAD MORE;;;;
AWESOME PRODUCT !!!!READ MORE;;;;
Camera is best for this deviceREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Love it 🥰🥰READ MORE;;;;
The best “value for money” phone out there. The sides are painted which means you will need to put on a skin before u get a cover as friction leads to paint corrosion over time.READ MORE;;;;
All awesome except batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Go for it without having second thought. Don’t get befooled for the negative reviews. It has a great battery life even for heavy use.READ MORE;;;;
Quality bestREAD MORE;;;;
It's awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Best in class only battery backup issue.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best phones for best people .READ MORE;;;;
First iphone & loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Super phone for normal usersREAD MORE;;;;
Everything with this device is good except the battery. A13 bionic chip is the monster the camera performance ia good in daylight but there is no night mode.READ MORE;;;;
This phone is awesome. Processing is as much expectedREAD MORE;;;;
So machREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect for meREAD MORE;;;;
Very good @ this priceREAD MORE;;;;
It’s good dealREAD MORE;;;;
Good one and is as per my expectations. I just want a replacement for my iPhone6 and i found it at a best price in flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent phone.looking cute and stylish in hand.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice iPhone easily to operateREAD MORE;;;;
Best qualityREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Loved itREAD MORE;;;;
best geniune product.READ MORE;;;;
Mind blowing purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Super simple mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Best iPhone under my budgetREAD MORE;;;;
So smallREAD MORE;;;;
Just amazingREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Good offer thanks to flipcartREAD MORE;;;;
A wow phone !READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Not badREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery every thing is good.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent with good deal in Dewali offerREAD MORE;;;;
Good quality product at amazing price offerREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice product with all new iPhone setups2020READ MORE;;;;
Working awesome. I got this phone for 25 k during big billion days. Camera quality is awesome.Playing free fire from past few days. No hanging ..A little heat yet it got resolved after making some settings changes.READ MORE;;;;
Perrrrfect phone.The camera is aaaamazing. The sound system is good. The only disappointing thing is the battery. You have to carry a power bank with you with this phone. Other than that everything is good. You can blindly go with this phone if you have no problem with battery thing. I'm sooo in love with this phone♥️.READ MORE;;;;
Just loved it 😍😍❤️❤️💕💕READ MORE;;;;
Best range iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent performance... really really I love it..READ MORE;;;;
Good dealREAD MORE;;;;
Apple iphone se best price and best camera& BodyREAD MORE;;;;
Nothing beats Apple!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome :-)READ MORE;;;;
Excellent performance Writing after 7 days of usage Everything has performed fineMy 4 iPhone and I just love it I have shifted from 6s And it's a great feeling One thing I don't like is the calling Sensor it's a bit laggy and it's in all iPhone se of 2020But it's ok.Lastly I want to say it's chota packet bada dhamaka.READ MORE;;;;
Nice mobile phone for simple usse.READ MORE;;;;
Thanks flipkart for the genuine product and superb budget phone from apple ❤️❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
I like appleREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice product but battery is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Ok ok phone..! Speed is good else every thing averageREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is amazingREAD MORE;;;;
Not even a single issueYou might feel disappointed for small screen but you will get used to thatREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product.Go for itLove team flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
It's very nice to use latest SEREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone. Just love it. Experience of using Iphone is fabulous. Thank you Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Best smartphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Value of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Good but not ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Product red is special.Battery is very much ok for sensible user who used to get office work and light media consumption.This is great phone. Flipcart service is very prompt and goodREAD MORE;;;;
Noting more to say...fantasticREAD MORE;;;;
Except screen everything is excellent. Screen is getting scratched very easily. Screen protector is must have for SE. I am very much disappointed with the screen.READ MORE;;;;
I loved it iPhone SE thankkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk youuuuu FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
I bought it for 33k but iPhone needs more to concentrate on particularly battery... Battery is the first drawback. After a week my review this. Other than that overall good product...this is my first iPhone and I very much liked it.READ MORE;;;;
Thanks thanks lots of thanks Flipkart for such amazing  phone.this is my 4th Apple phone from Flipkart since phone 6 model. Hope many more to come.always got genuine product.READ MORE;;;;
Best quality but too much of limitation as campare to android mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Performance wise can compete with any high profile phones...smooth...camera just flawless...and yes it is value for money...less to spent and lot to offer:-)READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phone. Small and powerful for basic useREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product ...Got it @ a great priceWanted this model ever since I used the 5SREAD MORE;;;;
Nice smartphone 40k under without bloatware sys n nice camera music quality display....loved itREAD MORE;;;;
I like small phones with greatest performance. This is the same one.READ MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone very thin and  convenient to keep in pocket. Battery lasts for only one day.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phoneREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Just awesome product by apple....camera is really excellent and battery backup is not satisfied for heavy usage like android phones but phone look and other features are outstanding performance.READ MORE;;;;
Performance-5/5Display-5/5Camera-4/5(front camera avg)Battery-3/5(for normal users ok)Overall-4.5/5READ MORE;;;;
excellent product and its display is amazingREAD MORE;;;;
PerfectREAD MORE;;;;
Over leat but ok goodREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery life every thing was goodREAD MORE;;;;
Wow fully satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Good product in 24249.READ MORE;;;;
The iPhone is  very good.. had a battery problem and display is bit small but will get use to it. over all its a very good phone and value for money as i got it at 26kREAD MORE;;;;
This is an excellent iPhone at a competitive price range. The performance is very good with good camera. Only disappointment is the battery.READ MORE;;;;
One of the best smartphoneREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
ThanksREAD MORE;;;;
This is the little beast and latest offering from Apple and the performance is top notch. Go for it guys if you love small form factor phones.READ MORE;;;;
Upgrading to IOS eco system is awesome 🤩🤩READ MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money product (at the rate I have purchased)READ MORE;;;;
Amazing product..love itREAD MORE;;;;
Everything perfect and fine.I feel good about battery backup The phone is heating while gaming that’s the only issue with this iphone.READ MORE;;;;
Very nice 👍READ MORE;;;;
Overall its a good phone.But home button not like other apple versions.Battery performance doesn't extend whole day with all features in place.EshwaREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent processor and good cameraREAD MORE;;;;
OsmREAD MORE;;;;
superbREAD MORE;;;;
Must have iPhone. Best option to switching android phones. Handy mobile size. Superb camera Quality.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phn but battery life isnt just what i expectedREAD MORE;;;;
It’s amazing mobile a apple budget killer phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nothing to say about an iPhone. It’s great and always the best. Got genuine product from Flipkart. Thanks a lot.READ MORE;;;;
Product is compact in size. Powerful performance. Overall a great buy but delivery was too late. Not happy with the service..!!READ MORE;;;;
One of the best!READ MORE;;;;
Too good .....READ MORE;;;;
The phone is pretty much a big package for the people not looking for high or extreme usage. The phone is handy and packs high performance internals. Totally value for money and not getting old for the next 4 years atleast.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good quality phone and fast delivery this product within 24 hoursREAD MORE;;;;
Till now iphone se performance is fantastic my self using iPhone brand for the first time and I am completely satisfied with the productREAD MORE;;;;
All features are good except batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Worth Every Penny...READ MORE;;;;
Always great 🤟READ MORE;;;;
Very cool product I am loving itREAD MORE;;;;
fantastic product. Flipkart platform is amazing with good delivery speed.READ MORE;;;;
Simply awesome. Got it @28.5k.READ MORE;;;;
Value for money offering from Apple of course with the bank offers.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent 👌👌READ MORE;;;;
Always better to go with the SE versions. . . . This is one is literally iphone 11 packed in an iPhone 7 . . . . Superb performance 🤘🤘READ MORE;;;;
- Genuine and Original iPhone- New Unused phone- Nicely packed to avoid any damage during delivery - Best price offered (during Flipkart Big Billion Days)- Comes with Power adapter & headphonesREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money product...best out in the marketREAD MORE;;;;
Thank u FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
The best phone ever I purchased for my step sis  .she is happy to have this Thanks to Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
A perfect Phone for regular userPros• Perfect size body and screen. Accidental clicks don’t happen.• performance... does the regular jobs without any issues.• good cameraCons• volume is low. It could be more.• battery service life is low. But it really doesn’t matter as long as power supply is consistent. Other use of power bank is more efficient.READ MORE;;;;
I am fully satisfied for this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best deal.READ MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
VERY NICE IPHONEREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Best in class deviceOnly for apple loversREAD MORE;;;;
Apple iPhone SE is mind blowing device and flipkart offer is brilliant for those whos looking best deals for this festive season Thank you flipkart for making my shopping wow experience It’s really wonder and joy experience with you and many thanks for your support team for delivering timely deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Great. No issue from Flipkart side.Apple done a great job <3READ MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
One word - premium Feel ❤️ awesome PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great dealREAD MORE;;;;
good oneREAD MORE;;;;
GOOD PRODUCT BUT BATTER BACK UP NOT GOODREAD MORE;;;;
GOODREAD MORE;;;;
Really Gud 🥰READ MORE;;;;
OVERALL IT IS A PERFECT MOBILE FOR A MEDIUM USERS. CONS BATTERY LIFESIZEREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent great products iPhone se thank you FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Very best phone and I am happy that got this at a good deal. Apple is incredible always and So happy for flipkart for providing this.READ MORE;;;;
Phone is good but chargger quality is very bed luck like a nokal chargerREAD MORE;;;;
Iphone is iphone. It was a different mobile I mean seperate operating system. It was amazing. It smashes all smartphones in all aspects. It's evergreen.Thanks to flipkart for fast delivery.READ MORE;;;;
I love flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Like itREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone and the camera is most powerful . Battery is more better in iPhones Thank you for this dealREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect purchase. This I purchased for my friend at Rajasthan. Thank you Flipkart for making my friend dream come true. Thank you so much delivery person who delivered this iPhone SE to my friend safely.READ MORE;;;;
Small phone. Small display. It totally depends on personal choice. Phone is very fast. Camera is good. Battery drains little bit fast(small battery) but with 12w or 18 wcharger it charges fastREAD MORE;;;;
Satisfaction.....Perfection...That's AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is good but the only drawback is battery. Battery backup is very less. It gives a feel of using 3 years old iphone.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is okay. No lossREAD MORE;;;;
No one can beat  this iPhone se 2020 at this price range so fast Processor . Thank to the Flipcart 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻READ MORE;;;;
Original and working greatREAD MORE;;;;
original product! happy with the deal :)READ MORE;;;;
Nice & Awesome Design PremiumREAD MORE;;;;
bestREAD MORE;;;;
Good product in iphone  but battery in very worstREAD MORE;;;;
Good easy to use iphone. Perfect size to hold and good for daily use. Only crib will be the battery capacity.READ MORE;;;;
Great phone for the price!READ MORE;;;;
Genuine apple product. Got it at a bumper dealREAD MORE;;;;
Camera is beast Performance is not comparable But battery is low 1850mAhValue for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phone with fantastic battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
I am happy with my phone . It’s perfect for Day today work .READ MORE;;;;
A must buy iPhone after the launch of 12 series. Heard that iPhone 12 has sharp edges making it uncomfortable. And this is comfy for small hands. Such a beautiful iPhone upgrade at a right time. I brought 128gb model. I’m amazed by the battery life after using this for a week I would recommend this phone to every single person who needs an upgrade to iPhone and don’t wanna hurt their hands.READ MORE;;;;
Nice product 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Nice looking phone.READ MORE;;;;
Value for money😃READ MORE;;;;
It’s a gud product from apple.Apple is greater then all android phones...it’s awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Battery should be optimised well.rest of the things are superb.READ MORE;;;;
Simply awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice and handy phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice phone 👌👌👌READ MORE;;;;
A nice product. Really value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Worst ever battery Other than battery goodBetter go for XR with few thousand are differenceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome dealREAD MORE;;;;
This is my 1st I phone and I am very happy of this product Battery is pretty good for moderate user And easily will cover one dayThis is very handy phone. My opinion is to purchase this phone with out any hesitationREAD MORE;;;;
It’s a great product from Apple and it’s worth buying.The delivery was on time.READ MORE;;;;
Wow.🥰READ MORE;;;;
Good camera and compact size in handREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good a very good deal. Product was in perfect shape.READ MORE;;;;
Just best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice good valueREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Most exciting productREAD MORE;;;;
Got it for 24750/- in B-B-D worth it camera n processor is a BeastREAD MORE;;;;
My First iPhone SE is Still Working And Now This Is 2020 SE-Special Edition.That iPhone SE Is Actually A iPhone 5S with 6S Specs.This 2020 iPhone SE Is Actually A iPhone 8 With 11 Specs And XR Camera.Apple Is A Brand That’s Last.Thanks Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent product....Iphone se 2020 in my hand..Like dream come trueREAD MORE;;;;
Phone performance is good but battery drain fast otherwise it works fantastic no problem till now.READ MORE;;;;
HEARTLY Thanks too FLIPKART....READ MORE;;;;
Other than battery everything is fine. If you use your mobile more better try android mobile. This phone is for casual usersREAD MORE;;;;
Super 👌👌👌👌READ MORE;;;;
The phone is  a copy of iphone 8 and it's features are same....READ MORE;;;;
This is amazing mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Best mobileREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone SE is a mini beast with its A 13 Bionic chip you can't choke this however hard you try. Great screen for a smooth reading experience. It has a premium look. This phone is best of lot in given price range (I don't consider screen size while saying so)Only downside are the speakers (but that is minor) and battery which drains fast.READ MORE;;;;
Happy to get iphone in this price range but battery should’ve been better around 2200 to 2500mahREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone best budget mobile 😍😍😍READ MORE;;;;
I have bought this product in 27000 and it's worth of money Battery is slightly disappointing but a normal user have no problem with it it's amazing phone.camera is superb.If you want to buy an iPhone having low budget then you must go with this.Also thankful to Flipkart offering this phone at such a low priceREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
As per my usage it is working fine nd I’m happy with it.READ MORE;;;;
Very good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Grt product pocket rocket A13 chip runs out the performance at bo compramiseREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is awesome but apple should work on their battery of SEREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone to gift parents for basic use .Loved everything about the phone. Only battery could have been much better. 11 hrs of battery life with basic use.Games will run like butter but will only give 4-5 hrs of battery backup.Rest worth buying...READ MORE;;;;
Superb IPhone is iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
FantasticREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
superbREAD MORE;;;;
Except the battery performance rest everything is bestREAD MORE;;;;
It's really value for the moneyREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Battery drains very quickly. It's good to use as a secondary phone. Phone looks great.READ MORE;;;;
Best iPhone experience you can have at this price rangeBut apple should improve in battery frontREAD MORE;;;;
I got this model on Flipcart Dussehra sale I bought it only at 29595. So on that price the  product is literally good/ awesome. But one or two things which I am disappointed with this phone are the display size which is very less than usually I like. And second one  is it's selfie camera quality which was very good in my previous phone (OPPO).READ MORE;;;;
Value for money...READ MORE;;;;
Superb pjoneREAD MORE;;;;
Too good phone. Overall very satisfied.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productsREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
genuine productREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome 🤙READ MORE;;;;
Great productREAD MORE;;;;
Looking very goodREAD MORE;;;;
I just upgraded my cell from vivo v9 to iPhone se   That’s wt the best part I m loving it from shifting  to a bigger screen  to a 4.7 inch Wala cell it  kinda b bit difficult and in the beginning but the performance is the best ❤️💜camera is gud n even the battery life Is also gud n charge bhi bht jadi hota haeREAD MORE;;;;
Worth buying!READ MORE;;;;
Design Display performance speakers everything feels excellent.More compatibility and many different options make easy to handle. Battery is good except gaming.Awesome voice control.READ MORE;;;;
Apple never compromise with the quality! iPhone Se 2 is Handy and have a great performance.READ MORE;;;;
Loved it nice phone best in budget compact designREAD MORE;;;;
One star goes not because of the product but because of the rude Flipkart Delivery guy. I normally don't buy phone which are priced above Rs. 10k. But on BBD I got this for 23k. My calculations were simple 1. A phone that fits in my pocket easily.2. As I normally use phones for 5 years atleast. Around  5 years of software & security updates.3. Smooth Performance for daily tasks for longer term. 4. Scanning documents  and recording quick short videos with ease. And5. Smooth integration ...READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
This phone so beautifulREAD MORE;;;;
I love SEREAD MORE;;;;
Bought this just because of A13 bionic chip and high end  games are really flawless..Loved it !!❤️READ MORE;;;;
Very happy with this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
You can go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Good device especially for single handed use. Camera is good and sound output is awesome. The device lasts a whole day for normal use with occasional social media and some YouTube along with some web browsing. Battery drain increases to 20 percent per hour of video streaming. Getting some 5 hours of screen on time which is not that bad either.READ MORE;;;;
Perfect gift for a friend!I was unable to order it when it was on sale for 25999 :( ... So I missed and then the next sale came for 28999 and readily ordered.... A perfect device for the price!!My verdict :Just go and buy if you are thinking to buy any iPhone 7's or 8's ... It's simply best in all terms compared to all iPhones in those series for the same or lesser priceREAD MORE;;;;
Only issue is Battery health decreases so fast .READ MORE;;;;
Value for money...If u r normal user battery back up is fair enoughREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone. Loved it. The only problem is the battery drains very fast and the display is a bit outdated.READ MORE;;;;
Just the way it should be...Red color is lovely..very light in weightFlipkart delivered it perfectlyREAD MORE;;;;
PerfectREAD MORE;;;;
Good product. Battery life improved significantly with new update. Goes full day with ease.READ MORE;;;;
nice product with this priceREAD MORE;;;;
BeastREAD MORE;;;;
Nice deal.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome experience with apple iphone SE . BIG BILLION SALE DISCOUNT BLOW EVERY ONE'S MIND.DELIVERY IS ON TIME AND PERFORMANCE WISE PHONE IS AWESOME.KEEP IT UP FLIPKART.READ MORE;;;;
Battery life is worst but the performance is damn goodREAD MORE;;;;
Love itREAD MORE;;;;
OsmREAD MORE;;;;
Grate phoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
A13 faster chipset nyc for playing pubgREAD MORE;;;;
Worst battery best processingREAD MORE;;;;
No review needed for apple product perfectREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing in every aspect apart from the batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Great ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Got a great deal to buy iPhone SE 2020.READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome power and small formREAD MORE;;;;
This iPhone is very good and useable alsoREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone..Quick delivery by flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product.Grate performance 💥👑READ MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
v.goodREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product.... loving it!!!READ MORE;;;;
Overalls are good except battery.....READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product at a good deal. Loved it.READ MORE;;;;
Best and powerfull small phone with powerfull chip excellent product.READ MORE;;;;
Thanks to flipkart seller for fastest COD.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing performance. thankyou flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Good Product from Apple.READ MORE;;;;
Go for it. A good phone.READ MORE;;;;
Good product.READ MORE;;;;
Soooooo adorableREAD MORE;;;;
Overall it's a great phone at this price. Must buy! Product red is just lit.READ MORE;;;;
Very good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
I am happy to find that productREAD MORE;;;;
Got great deal in big billion daysREAD MORE;;;;
Battery drains after 8 to 9 hrs usage else everything is goodREAD MORE;;;;
All simple nothing special except the A13 bionicREAD MORE;;;;
Battery drain to fastREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone with best compatibility.READ MORE;;;;
Phone is too good bt battery run’s down too fast And take 2 hrs to charge !READ MORE;;;;
This phone best for buisness people only because battery charging takes 2 hrs 15 full charge and battery capacity poor.and rest of all best and people who want best battery and big screen just close your eyes and go for apple xr is best just 4000 extra please mark me helpfulREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Worth for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Great deal....READ MORE;;;;
Amazing 👌👌👌READ MORE;;;;
I love iPhone. Very smooth performance with A13 chip. I don't have any word about this phone to discribe... I love it....READ MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
Is a good phone but only 2 downgrades size of diplay and battery is worstREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phone purchase in big billion daysREAD MORE;;;;
Average battery.... rest everything is gud and handy....camera is gud speciallyREAD MORE;;;;
Batter back is not up to the mark . Other than everything is goodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Simple greatREAD MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome worth buy it I disappointed with battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
What a phone!!!READ MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Best iphone ever and very good battery life value for money 🔥READ MORE;;;;
Very Good phone on this price..READ MORE;;;;
Just don't buy it from here spend a little more and buy it from the store.u probably gonna scroll down to see if it's good and the phone is great but flipkart is not.review In one word - SCAM.READ MORE;;;;
Thanks filpkart Nice quality 😊READ MORE;;;;
Really fantastic 😀✨READ MORE;;;;
Nice product i Love iphone in thise price categoryREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone under budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Got delivery from Flipkart within 7 days after ordering. This iphone is good except battery backup as this as has been the problem in almost all the iPhone till date rest everything is great and fits in one hand. It is for those who love small size phone instead of the 6 inch phones.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Low budget good phone love itREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product battery life is perfect it last up to 24 hours with normal useREAD MORE;;;;
Love it❤❤❤❤❤READ MORE;;;;
Battery is just bit worry otherwise phone is greatREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome mobileREAD MORE;;;;
value for money ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Good..READ MORE;;;;
Apple is AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Very good!!READ MORE;;;;
Fabulous phone...READ MORE;;;;
First time i order mobile  I am so happy with this product I  already have Iphones  Fast delivery and genuine productREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome in every aspect Expect battery performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Super se v UpprrrrrREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best budget iphone. Love the camera quality..READ MORE;;;;
I am enjoying this smartphone very wellSwitched from Redmi note 5 proSo screen size and battery life is something I have noticed that could be better Else nothing to complain very much value for money for its camera and processorI am very satisfied❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
Best iPhone in this budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Performance mind blowing no more android Apple 👍READ MORE;;;;
Worth Buying.....No CapREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Apple is always bestREAD MORE;;;;
good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awsome purchase Maruti ke body mai Ferrari mili hai 😎READ MORE;;;;
Thank you Flipkart for this best deal.Very nice and handy mobile. Works very smoothly. Touch is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Great Camera Excellent PerformanceIf comfort of holding and productivity more your thing than the bezelless look. Go for it! Same performance as 11pro which costs over 1 lakhREAD MORE;;;;
on this price good productREAD MORE;;;;
Go for it it’s brand new original seal packREAD MORE;;;;
Satisfied with the product. Even the battery is of low capacity but it lasts long. It even works better then some of android devices with bigger batteries. It a worth buying product.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
Loads of love to the seller for this genuine product..READ MORE;;;;
Nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome!! If the display could much bigger tyen the phone is the master of all iphones in this budget!!READ MORE;;;;
Super quality and fully satisfied Camera is superREAD MORE;;;;
canera eqally to 11 pro max.. goodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone  got it delivered today. As always masterpiece by Apple with some cons such as small display and small battery life. Except that phone is a good deal at 40k of price range. THE PHONE IS NOT for gamers. The phone is good for students who just need the phone for normal calls and studies and entertainment. At the end I would like to say that if you want to switch from Android to IOS and you don't have a big budget then go for this phone you won't regret buying this machine.READ MORE;;;;
Go for camera and perfect size phone in hand. Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks Flipkart for giving huge discount during Dasara and brought it at 26k. Camera is excellent and battery is ok for me my usage is only for calls and music. Overall nice experience with iOS. security wise it is very good compared to android.READ MORE;;;;
Exceptional productREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome 👍👍💯🆒READ MORE;;;;
Very nice ... perfect for priceREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phone! Got this at an amazing price of 24300 during the BBD sale. Extremely happy. Thanku Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
In night mode cam is very poor 😫😫 Baki ek dam mast hai 👍👍👍👌👌👌READ MORE;;;;
It was best deal for meREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent device 😍😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Fantastic Product iPhone Lover Must Buy If Tight BudgetREAD MORE;;;;
So far thoroughly enjoying the iPhone experience. A big thanks to Flipkart and the seller for the awesome deal during BBD.READ MORE;;;;
product received as expectedREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone in affordable prices. Very good battery backup and camera quality. Display graphics are at top.READ MORE;;;;
Best iphone in affordable price. Camera quality is very good. Battery backup is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Superb compact design apple is the best of brandREAD MORE;;;;
Super!READ MORE;;;;
Amazing iPhone at affordable prices. I’m apple iPhone fan now. Value for money. Just go for it. Batter is little bit a issue. Otherwise it’s a good buy.READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Fully satisfied with this phone. Also the delivery was before time by Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
It is a very amazing phone 📱READ MORE;;;;
Every thing is great expect battery performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Small compact powerhouseREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone and very handy. Loved it.READ MORE;;;;
It's good. Screen feels small if you were using android phone prior to this.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Its like A Honda City have Audi Engine....Great Compact phoneREAD MORE;;;;
A perfect phone. My dream phone. I don’t need anything else.READ MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good Product with Good PriceREAD MORE;;;;
Performance of the phone is osmm and display design and camera all performance is super but battery performance is only low but ok I have happy with this iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
It's performance is good but battery life is average. I bought it for under 25k in big billion days. Which was a really good deal.READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
It’s a very good product and I get it very clean and neat. Delivery also very good By Flipkart exact time and date. Apple iPhone SE is a very good product. But this iPhone is not for a regular user. Thank you. Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
If u r okay with display size then I don't think there's anything thats going to make u upset!READ MORE;;;;
Got what was expected.READ MORE;;;;
Good to have this those who are Apple fan can go with itREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent on this price range. But Apple should think about the forehead and chin on year 2020 phone. It should be small size but bazzle on phone is not considerable. Overall I love the SE new generation.READ MORE;;;;
Apple brand- 5 starsCamera- 4 starsProcessors 5 starsBattery- 3 starsWeight - Bulky in its size category. U will need a case to hold on.READ MORE;;;;
The red colour is the most beautiful colour on the iPhone SE 2020READ MORE;;;;
The I phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Display could have been bigger.......READ MORE;;;;
Low price and High quality productAm sooo lucky to have thisThank you Flipkart for the wonderful offerREAD MORE;;;;
Overall good product in this price..READ MORE;;;;
Apple is apple🔥❤️READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome appleREAD MORE;;;;
great productREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery everything will be finedREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you BBD for the best deal.READ MORE;;;;
After usage of 20 days. I really like the dimension and all. Battery is the main issue am seeing. Apart from nice choice.READ MORE;;;;
Better than iphone xrREAD MORE;;;;
Best budget iPhone 😍READ MORE;;;;
Excellent product!READ MORE;;;;
Very happy got this @ 25500READ MORE;;;;
Phone is lit ❤Only problem is battery.. But its really heaven for one who changed from android to ios....thankyou flipkart💕💕💕....the phone is wort on its money💞READ MORE;;;;
Excellent product at best priceREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money..Lovable camera performance..Impressed Display viewing..finger print Fast working..Audio output Good..Native ..Battery Drain very fastREAD MORE;;;;
Compact phone for high moneyREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Its Apple. brand name  is enoughREAD MORE;;;;
Extraordinary performance . My favourite mobile.READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup 👎Parformance 👍Display 👍Camera not wow but good 👍Its deserve 4.5 out of 5 starsREAD MORE;;;;
Smooth ExperienceREAD MORE;;;;
Highly recommended Battary=3.8Performance=5🥰Display 4.8READ MORE;;;;
I like itREAD MORE;;;;
A great phone with great speed and camera. A must.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone on this price fully satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome in this rangeREAD MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
Good packingREAD MORE;;;;
OkkREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product thanks flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent Very Good mobile and thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Good camera and performance and good priceREAD MORE;;;;
The best compact smartphone ever made. And when that smartphone is from Apple then nothing much to say. Phone is currently running extremely smooth. Battery life is below average. Camera quality on the rear is almost at par with its biggest sibling 11 pro max. Performance -  The most powerful chip before A14 bionic arrived. Finally I have entered the Apple Ecosystem and just falling for it again and again...My first iPhone??READ MORE;;;;
Lots to love. Less to spend. iPhone SE packs our most powerful chip into our most popular size at our most affordable price.READ MORE;;;;
Good apple iPhone seREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Good ??????READ MORE;;;;
Love this phone. Just go for it.READ MORE;;;;
Camera Quality is very GoodScreen is smaller but I loved to use small screen mobile and it is ok for me Battery back is little lower but 1 day if you are not heavy user.READ MORE;;;;
Everything is good.READ MORE;;;;
Perfect No wordsThanks Supercomnet And Flipkart For this iPhone Se 2020 # Superb Purchase Thanks To BbdREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Great performance and absolute worth it if you get it in sales. The design looks dated in 2020 but performance and battery life very good if you are not heavy game user.READ MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
It’s original genuine iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice????READ MORE;;;;
I wanted a small phone .. iphone XR looked for stylish but I bought this for 38249 in Big billion sale.. I needed more space and want tk keep it for atleast 2 years. I am teacher. I don't need lot of battery and I don't play games either but I think battery is good. Phone feels nice and small in hand. Do all the task with ease and camera is very high quality. I read review for battery etc and they were negative so j was afraid but after receiving and using it for one week I thinks it a beaut...READ MORE;;;;
Product is awesome. Flipkart delivery is worstREAD MORE;;;;
it is very handy with  better battery backup with this small phone.READ MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
if you want an iphone then go for it it s a beast and it gave premium feel when you hold it on your handREAD MORE;;;;
It's only for regular useREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone. Good price.READ MORE;;;;
Except battery and display you will love all in this phone.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome performance phone but battery quality it low. But it's a great camera.READ MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
Aswesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Wonderfully designed and built phone. Sleek and easy to handle.READ MORE;;;;
Original product TYSM FlipcartREAD MORE;;;;
i switched from lg q6 which is low budget phone at that time it cost only 12000 .but offcousre getting 128gb varient in just 30k .best deal on planet earth nothing bothers of bezels bcoz the overall experience you are getting is awesome .camera top notch but be aware you cant record front video more than 30 fps mns no slow mo in from but back camera has 4k 60fps which is industry good. i whould say if u are in budget dont go for oppo vivo or oneplus .make this as ur choice and u will not regr...READ MORE;;;;
It’s niceREAD MORE;;;;
fast delivery bd amazing productREAD MORE;;;;
value for mony good perfomence superb camera and displyREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Extraordinary..Mind blowing..Fantastic.. Value for money..!!!READ MORE;;;;
Very good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone in 25kREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone in this price segment...READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
If you are thinking to switch from Android to ios best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Gud product .....value for money....READ MORE;;;;
Except the battery everything is excellent. Smoothest performance. A completely different experienceREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Not so good battery life but camera is excellent.READ MORE;;;;
nice productREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
What more can you say about an Apple Product. The delivery from Flipkart was before time and thats the best part 👍🏻READ MORE;;;;
Display and battery are major drawbackREAD MORE;;;;
Best Iphone If you love the old design.Rest is all same as Iphone 11#Performance beastREAD MORE;;;;
I feel the only drawback in this budget iphone is battery.. it could come with more battery capacityREAD MORE;;;;
A great Apple experience at affordable cost because of big billion saleREAD MORE;;;;
Look battery capacity is lessREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone se 2 One of the best all rounder battery life very good after iOS 14.1 updateREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone Apple need to improve battery back up only.READ MORE;;;;
A fantastic mobile at this price.Battery is only problem other all things are good.READ MORE;;;;
BestREAD MORE;;;;
I ‘ll upgrade to old Se to new iPhone se2020 really amazing worth for money...READ MORE;;;;
Battery is good for normal users. Camera is average. Performance is too good. Device size is good and handy. Overall a good phone for first time iPhone users who look for a high performance hang free phone within 30k.READ MORE;;;;
Extremely satisfied with the phone..READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Big billion day makes this phone even more valuableREAD MORE;;;;
Sharing my review after usage of 15 days. Pros: Its an Iphone.....:)           Battery is just 1800 mh but when u will use it ...its awesome           I got the 128 gb variant in just 27999/- so price wise its a Bingo deal.           Phone size is very handy. Sleek and stylish.           Love the back glass panel.Cons:  Screen size is very small.             Gamers.. Pls stay away from this phone. You cant not play PUBG in this tiny screen.            Only one port is available for c...READ MORE;;;;
Picture quality superREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product... If they can provide bigger battery in itREAD MORE;;;;
value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Nice purchase... Battery is the only issue for Heavy UsersREAD MORE;;;;
Just bought it for its form factor but slowly its growing on me.My first iPhone haven’t expected much from it.But in the end I’m satisfied .A13 chip is awesome for every task.Camera is good.Battery 🔋 will last in 5-6 hours if you’ll use it countinouslly.One hand use.Display is good if you’re ok with small size screen.READ MORE;;;;
Iphone se 2020 is an amazing phone for those who prefer small phone. Camera quality is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Too perfectREAD MORE;;;;
Worse battery backup. Rest everything is simply perfect.READ MORE;;;;
Compact beast.. only for those who love small phones.. battery is average which could be fine for light users.READ MORE;;;;
Yes it's a good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Superb product. Good launch by apple. Worth for the moneyREAD MORE;;;;
This product is just awsomeREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Bought it at only Rs.25999 in BBD saleAmazing iPhone in budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Very poor delivery but phone is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Super phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone....have to compromise with large bazzles display and low battery with 5W charger inside the box....have to spend 2k/- more if you need fast charger.READ MORE;;;;
My first I phone..very nice performance.but battery drowned quicklyREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing in this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Original product from Flipkart guaranteedREAD MORE;;;;
All are good....battery goes like a day in starting...drains faster on daysREAD MORE;;;;
Best for lifetime use... No bugs... Gurantee for more than 5 years of heavy usage.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone is iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good iPhone se2020READ MORE;;;;
Good and Worth for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Cool oneREAD MORE;;;;
Love this product apple foreverREAD MORE;;;;
Every thing is good but battery is not good..this is not for gamersREAD MORE;;;;
I purchased iPhone se red 64 gb in big billion daysI enjoyed it value for money best experienceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice build. Great specs. Awesome camera. Most importantly compact in size as compared to other phone these days.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phone with ultimate camera.READ MORE;;;;
No issue till dateREAD MORE;;;;
Absolutely best in price..Looks so elegant and stunningREAD MORE;;;;
Looks good with apple symbol in middle .small phone but huge performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
It took 5 days for flipkart to deliver this iphone. All other aspects of SE 2020 is good except the battery. Still for 27k its the best budget iphone one can get.READ MORE;;;;
Best phone ever usedREAD MORE;;;;
It is 64 gb memory but you only got 51-53gb 10-15gb were taken by the phone but you can also delete some app like garage band which is worth of 1.6gb or there is many more apps which is useless and there is authentication problems in connecting hotspot but it can take WiFi easy  and battery life is almost good but it can be better u can also suffer from sharing problems or locations problem if you hv downloaded something then u see in file I will not find there you have share in somewhere elseREAD MORE;;;;
Too goodREAD MORE;;;;
Owsm... Devices .READ MORE;;;;
SuperbbREAD MORE;;;;
SatisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Want an iPhone with a kiddo must buyREAD MORE;;;;
Compact mobile.Ps: not for gamerREAD MORE;;;;
I like it ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Excellent.. !!we loved it.READ MORE;;;;
Product is good and was delivered on time. Liked it :)READ MORE;;;;
Nice product value for money outstandingREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is good.. But 1 star got cut because of Ekart which took 15days to deliver. Buck up your delivery service like bluedart and other good courier services.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent phone with Excellent features except Battery.. comes with an average battery for moderate use.READ MORE;;;;
Nyc one buy it at 24750 and luv itREAD MORE;;;;
Looking awesome.... performance also goodREAD MORE;;;;
Best mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome!READ MORE;;;;
Anyone need this phone can contact me I'll give you at just 27999 I I'm not satisfied with the screen sizeREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
I got this phone Rs.25999READ MORE;;;;
Its too good and the camera quality is awesome but the battery isnt enoughREAD MORE;;;;
It is a excellent products do buy itREAD MORE;;;;
I got for 24k in bbd best in this price range perfect for iphone lovers in this price range i got 6hrs battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
owsome productREAD MORE;;;;
Satisfied productREAD MORE;;;;
simply beast 🔥READ MORE;;;;
Amazing The only downside is the battery life It’s a bang for buck amazing dealREAD MORE;;;;
A beautiful handy smartphone with its amazing craftsmanship and security is still way ahead than other companies in defining clean and complete devices iPhone SE being one by taking inspiration from its predecessors and complete new powerful chipset it's complete what fits in budget delivers.With display although with bezel still better than many contemporaries .Camera is class apart with clear and beautiful image capturing although the front portrait is not as good as rear but still much be...READ MORE;;;;
Thanks to flipkart for BBD sale. Phone is just wow and for starting with new platform this phone is best.READ MORE;;;;
I think this is best midrange smartphone in indiaREAD MORE;;;;
Best iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone and battery performance is very good price.READ MORE;;;;
Everything is awesome.But the only thing that is downgraded is it’s battery and small displayREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Bought this amazing iPhone at only Rs 30999READ MORE;;;;
Owesome productREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect device to get into apples worldREAD MORE;;;;
There is no such battery issue the battery is ok for a day and if not just at 30% charge it for 20min it will reached 75% and uh can continue for the whole day...... performance is very smooth and I loved the productREAD MORE;;;;
Worth buying..!READ MORE;;;;
Thank you supercom for genuine iPhone and thank you Flipkart for my first iPhone.👌😊😃READ MORE;;;;
OsmREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice phone and great performance it's a brandREAD MORE;;;;
As always apple is bestREAD MORE;;;;
V goodREAD MORE;;;;
Apple is best as alwaysREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phone. This is my first iPhone. Working great.READ MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
After using 2months. Apple has decreased its quality in this product. How many days it will give its proper service...just not known. low quality of battery performance.READ MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Battery life is not good. Camera is not up to mark. Performance wise it’s good.READ MORE;;;;
i purchased it in big billion sale and i got it for 33000 rs and yes its very good iphone and there is no fraud in this case and if you care for battery then please dont take this phone please go for iphone xr its perfect in case of battery life so.. if you are moderate user and play very less games the this iphone se is for you thankyou......READ MORE;;;;
Thank u FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Chhota packet with gr8 FeaturesREAD MORE;;;;
Only problem is the battery life. Everything else is fine.READ MORE;;;;
I love this product thanks flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Good but delivery is too delay 👀READ MORE;;;;
Phone is very good but battery is not for gamersREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent Product for Handy performance. Good service from Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Osm 😘🔥READ MORE;;;;
PERFECT BUY 😍CAMERA QUALITY - BETTER THAN IPHONE X AND LOWER THAN IPHONE 11💯BATTERY BACKUP -TERRIBLE 😒PERFORMANCE- EXCELLENT⚡🔥BEST PHONE YOU CAN GET IN THIS PRICE ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Apple is Apple ...  Loved itREAD MORE;;;;
It was nice to use thisREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product so happy with d purchase n thank u Flipkart for d awesome dealREAD MORE;;;;
Thank UREAD MORE;;;;
Good one but battery performance is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Extremely balanced device with several brilliant features like the top of the line processor and the latest iOS osCon is the battery management and the camera . They leave some to desire. But definitely an ossom purchase . Mom loves it. Had gotten it for 25k during big billion day. Thank you flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Its very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Highly recommendedIts a 👹monster Good handy device The performance is just 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥Im in love with this device 😘😘First time i switched to ios from Android version the experience is amazing..... So go for it .... ❤🙏READ MORE;;;;
This phone is a power house. Not the best battery. But otherwise amazingREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is only disadvantageREAD MORE;;;;
Very good mobile.. although battery is not that good.. still a very good and value for money productREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is the best for anyone who wants a budget iPhone in a really good price as well has a ton of performance. If your budget is for less than 35k go for it.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome IPhone.... Great Touch feel.READ MORE;;;;
All r good but battery r very bedREAD MORE;;;;
Mind blowing!!READ MORE;;;;
Apple is AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Superb budget iPhone and it got even better with the deal on Flipkart !!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone and features. Battery is the only consREAD MORE;;;;
Just go for it.Only concern raised by all is battery. If you are a moderate user battery will last for more than a day. I am getting battery backup for 30 hours with more than 8 hours of screen on time.READ MORE;;;;
Batrey is poor but overall perform is good.READ MORE;;;;
Camera goodProcessor goodAnd most important thing isIts band LTE-A(5CA) which gives you more internet speed then any other android mobile phonesAnd  Apple iphones too(except iphone 12)READ MORE;;;;
Best products Apple iPhone SEREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product... low-light images are awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
There’s no need for me to write anything about iphones. As expected performs really very well. Though the battery is a lot smaller. You need to charge quite often. Camera works great and along with the A13 biochip the processed photos can be compared with iphone 11 photographs. Overall it is good for a student like me although it may not be a good choice for a business man because of it’s small size of the battery which may drain quickly. The screen size didn’t made a difference for me becaus...READ MORE;;;;
Awsome iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Got 128gb version on bbd sale at good price. Its like mini iphone 11. In camera only night mode is missing. Average battery back up. In box  Slow charger is a big con. But if you use it only for camera and normal phone use than it is really nice phone. Video recording is really great and stable . For gaming screen is little bit short but not too short for video watching. If you want an iPhone but budget is low than it is best choice under 30k.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome  phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Only battery performance issuesREAD MORE;;;;
Best iphone in budget with the latest processor🙂🙂🙂READ MORE;;;;
Thanks to flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery and night mode camera everything is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Bought for my sister... everything is fine but the downfall is its battery..READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile is too good. but delivery service is very poor.READ MORE;;;;
Good Mobile. Apple awesome. Handy product in nice budget. Thanks Flipkart. Delivery agent was polite and good.READ MORE;;;;
It's a IphoneREAD MORE;;;;
obviously this product doesn't need review It's the best as alwaysREAD MORE;;;;
Must Buy product... Mind-blowing purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Handling super mobileREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Apple iPhone has urs own brand valueREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks seller for secure delivery 🙂🥰 I am very happy with this 😍 very excellent gaming I played pubg with all graphics its dont leg even one time 😊Thanks Sellercomnet 👍READ MORE;;;;
Battery could have been slightly better but if you are shifting from lower end mobiles you won’t notic this otherwise it’s and power pack mobile best iPhone petty handy single hand use.READ MORE;;;;
One of my dreams has come true.READ MORE;;;;
great phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nic mobilREAD MORE;;;;
Godd camera perfect phone for who are currently android users and moving to iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
It's fantastic product and  very useful for those who have there works related to it must buy itREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money. Apple kept up to its repo. Only issue was 7 day late delivery of the product. Flip kart organising is a sale is easy but the back up must be proper.READ MORE;;;;
value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
UpREAD MORE;;;;
Apple is apple....& I mean it...!!!!!READ MORE;;;;
Best performance. But when i use internet outdoor its back panel specifically around camara area feels little heat. Big issue it's battery .READ MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Product is good all the apps touch camera everything is excellebt only the concern is battery will drain very fast that is the only disapointment we face with iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you Flipkart...READ MORE;;;;
Good product Worth buyingREAD MORE;;;;
I love this productREAD MORE;;;;
nice product.But the stocks got exhausted very soon. disappointed.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone for my mother and older generation people. Who are less tech-savvy. but in need of a good phone. awesome sound quality and good reliability.READ MORE;;;;
Cool very fast and best in classREAD MORE;;;;
Good Buy. But battery could have been betterREAD MORE;;;;
It is very good experience to buy from Flipkart and its very good phone.READ MORE;;;;
Performance wise its very fast. Camera & sound quality are good. Easy to use in one hand. Battery is decent.READ MORE;;;;
One of the best iPhone I have ever used with such an affordable price.READ MORE;;;;
Resonable priceREAD MORE;;;;
OKREAD MORE;;;;
It was s very small phone with less battery as I was using moto g9 with 5000 mhREAD MORE;;;;
Lovely phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Fabulous and mind-blowingREAD MORE;;;;
😍 lovelyREAD MORE;;;;
Good ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Nice Product Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Good iPhone under budget phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Simply awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Nothing extraordinary.READ MORE;;;;
Apple is Apple.... One can not compare its performance and class with any android phone. Apple phone is only comparable to another apple phone only. Loved this phone. Superb finish of the Product Red. Feels very premium in the hand and its performance is awesome though one can not compare to iPhone’s latest models. This is the perfect phone for small to medium sized screen lovers. And hats off to Flipkart for such deals.READ MORE;;;;
This product is good. Thank you Flipkart..!! ❤️READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
It is really good phone.... It's my first iPhone.... 👍READ MORE;;;;
Osm phone in budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect mobile. Best performance best camera best display in this range in apple.READ MORE;;;;
Overall a solid phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money product. A fantastic buy.READ MORE;;;;
The perfect phone.READ MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
Only issue is the battery life which is really poor... was using 8 plus earlier. Delivery of product was on time...good packaging..no issue regarding service. But what i found surprising was the return policy fir this product ...would suggest online buyers to always first clarify with the e commerce sites regarding their return policy..its not that helpful or practical in case of a phone at-least.READ MORE;;;;
As fresh as .... Just love itt💋💋♥️♥️Red one is litREAD MORE;;;;
Battery performance is very poor... rest are perfectREAD MORE;;;;
Good smartphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent iphone with best look in segmentREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome and Beautiful faithfulREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
very niceREAD MORE;;;;
very niceREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Product is very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Superb mobile and very handy and worthy as compared to other I phone models... Iphone se 2020READ MORE;;;;
MasterpieceREAD MORE;;;;
Got it for 22k. Best phone !READ MORE;;;;
User friendly but camera isnt better than  samsungREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent cameraBattery is average almost 1 days.Best iPhone deviceREAD MORE;;;;
Budget phone..READ MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Bhim upi software issueREAD MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
Fantastic deal in Big Billion days and no doubt about iphone se performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent...READ MORE;;;;
As expected the product is very good. Compact and Handy. Worth buying on this budget. Also Flipkart gave good discount as part of festival promotions.Delivery also on time with good packing.READ MORE;;;;
Loving itREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good performance mobile for daily useREAD MORE;;;;
Right mobile at right budget with all good specificationsREAD MORE;;;;
Best mobile in this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is best but display size is smallREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
Best compact & handy phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is very good but battery is not good only average...READ MORE;;;;
Best parfomesREAD MORE;;;;
Very Happy with this productREAD MORE;;;;
Love it ❤READ MORE;;;;
Doesn't supports Live Wallpapers which iPhone 6S can.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone for its price. Camera performs great with good lighting.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone is best for everythingREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
No doubt it is the best..READ MORE;;;;
Great this price 26000READ MORE;;;;
My first iPhone se  rs 24249 value for money. But battery is poorREAD MORE;;;;
Worth buying.!!READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone and foucharREAD MORE;;;;
I purchase iphone se 2020 for my mom gift for diwali. 😇 It's a beautiful looking pocket rocket phone. I'm loving it. ❤ Thank you for giving me a genuine product #Flipkart 🙏READ MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Just as expected.....👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Best in class and I grabbed it in BBD sales. Applying all the offers I got this under 20k price. At this price point an iPhone...’No comments’. For specs and features you can check the youtub. Till now I didn’t face at problems. Battery need to be changed twice a day if you are using your phone more than 4hr a day.READ MORE;;;;
Value for money the A13 is amazingREAD MORE;;;;
DoodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent 👌READ MORE;;;;
Simply classy at this price. I got this in BBD salesREAD MORE;;;;
Living upto the brand nameREAD MORE;;;;
A great budget iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Loved it great mobileREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Loved it... Very handy iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice fineREAD MORE;;;;
Nyc iphone seREAD MORE;;;;
Fantastic palm size iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great Product by Apple.Those who were complaining about the battery -  For me battery is fine if you optimize the settings properly. After ios 14 update Battery life became better.READ MORE;;;;
Everything is good but battery power s nt goodREAD MORE;;;;
Original product.READ MORE;;;;
except battery everything is goodREAD MORE;;;;
An awesome experience for IOS......I never expected this much fast and ease of UI as compared with Android.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
White colour 😍😍😍READ MORE;;;;
I would tell this phone is serisously nice and i have got in big billion saleREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phone ; very smooth and nice camera quality .READ MORE;;;
Best phone and got it at the best price of 20k with sbi card discount and gst return........best phone under 30k.....I upgraded from samsung note 10 lite to it and their is major difference in screen and battery  but there is not much difference in performances..... the camera is bestREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone better then XR & 11 Bettery is good after 12 hour 20% balanceBetter display and camara Go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Superb product.. everyone can afford it.. really gud purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
superbREAD MORE;;;;
Good one..and its using with havy performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Value For Money Product Thank You Apple & Flipkart ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
Good Choice i love iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent camera 📸😍😍 and battery backup also goodREAD MORE;;;;
My first iPhone i feel happy thank flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Nice one😍😍READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
I was confused about between the lg g8x thinq and this one but i decided to go for quality rather than quantity and im totally happy about my decision here are some pros and cons after 15 days usage-Pros-1. The camera is just awesome which is an usual thing for iphones.2. The a13 bionic chipset is super fast .. can easily perform multitasking and can literally play any game on app store3. Its my first ios device and i simply love the privacy and security it provides us4. Being a 1800 mah...READ MORE;;;;
Value for money...... 28122READ MORE;;;;
Super phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Phone..I love itREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent budget phone by AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Looking niceREAD MORE;;;;
Heaset very localREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome device World 2nd powerful A13 chip lag free performance Great camera Battery life is not so goodREAD MORE;;;;
Performance wise best product. Screen could have little broad. Please go and check nearest store for screen size as it may appear very small to some people who are used to big screen phone. Camera is very good. Battery backup is also good.It last a day for normal use. Overall compact product with very good specifications. Fits in your pocket well unlike big heavy screen phones. Highly recommended 👍🏻READ MORE;;;;
Great Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Realy Good iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Really an awesome phone just wished the battery was a bit larger in capacity just to go through a full day of heavy usageREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Upgrade to SE has been a happy experienceREAD MORE;;;;
Om ShantiREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
Sexy and hot productREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent price and excellent phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Got the best deal on Iphone ever.READ MORE;;;;
I m very happy by ordering iPhone se from Flipkart as they are very fast in delivery and also delivered what I ordered.. really good and genuine online store.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phoneREAD MORE;;;;
A pretty handy phone. Software experience is smooth. Needs time to get used to small screen. Battery is small. good enough for an average user. Charges quickly as well. Would have loved a 15W charger.READ MORE;;;;
Nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent performance ❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Got this amazing piece of art in just 25249 Rs only in big billion days sale.This is my first iPhone and I was super excited for it.iPhone is amazing with very decent camera quality and its A13 Bionic chip works amazing.Happy to buy it.READ MORE;;;;
Loved it.  Average battery backup.READ MORE;;;;
Good👍READ MORE;;;;
Ekart logistics has supported me wellREAD MORE;;;;
The product is worth the priceREAD MORE;;;;
Cons 1) phone is only for moderate user as battery is small (1821mAH )2) not for people who want bezzeless and massive display Charger is bit slow but putting it on airplane mode would work Pros 1) value for money phone like I have got it for 25k and price dropped even more with exchange 2) A13 bionic chip is awesome and camera is also perfect which can give competition to phone in its segment 3) touch id really helps 4) iOS and it's user interface has always been best Red color is bestREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best high end phones by Apple at this rateREAD MORE;;;;
This was bought as an official phone. So this is not my primary phone. Build quality: Excellent and feels premium in hand especially in the RED colour. It is light and compact. SW and performance : once you update to iOS 14 it gives lot of additional features. Performance is excellent with A13 chip and the phone never stutters.Camera : Pretty good in daylight. Yet to test the low light performance. Video is very good as well. Battery : I have seen reviews that battery is not good. But for...READ MORE;;;;
Overall phone is nice but battery capacity is lowREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Phone for this price. Excellent delivery and support by Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Love itREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Wonderful productsREAD MORE;;;;
Happy to receive original product. Satisfied with the product.READ MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery every thing is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Best Phone EverREAD MORE;;;;
Nice Product.READ MORE;;;;
iphone SE 2020working  good but battery main problemREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Worth itREAD MORE;;;;
Absolutely stunning device it is!! Battery is really good for a intermediate user and the features in IOS are just lit!! Runs really smooth and everything is great!! Just moved from Android to IOS and must say that it was the best decision to buy the iPhone SE 2020 as a first iphone! Camera quality is the best! After using the phone for some weeks I must say that...the specs and all on every other devices other than IOS/Apple are just good on papers but in practical the iPhone is performing...READ MORE;;;;
Product was good but delivery too let and exchange valve fake show Rs  5000 not expecting delivery boy 5000rs discount for best condition phone..rack value showing from the flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Product is good but camera not that good gives filtered photo like oppo vivo. Battery is decent. Performance is very good. Display is also goodREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone for Apple iPhone SEREAD MORE;;;;
The performance of device is good but i am facing some heating issue in device and battery percentage drops to 97% in just 5 days of usageREAD MORE;;;;
I buy it in 27000 its awesome mobile in this price range thanks flipkart to provide this phone at this rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Packing is good . Love the product awesome . Compact phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Camera is awam.... and battery 5/4READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome deal worth of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best mobiles ! Thank you Flipkart for the amazing deal !READ MORE;;;;
Nice photos in this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone is a device used for the optimum performance with long life optimisation....it will never let u fail anywhere despite it's screen but to me small screen does not matter it's anybody matter then he may go to higher iPhone with bigger screen...😄🙂🕵️It's very powerful device ........which keep the day full of energy.....If anybody agree then only go for it not that TYPE OF PEOPLE WHO ARE GIVING THIS AMOUNT OF MONEY AND ARE NOT SATISFIED WITH IT......At last I'm HAPPY HAVING TO USE TO...READ MORE;;;;
All i can say that i am happy with the purchase the only unsatisfying thing is battery it dont last for more than 5 hours rest thank you flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks for Flipkart I’m very happy..READ MORE;;;;
Compact beast a must buy phone for those who love compact phoneREAD MORE;;;;
At first I got the defected product with a big scratch on screen !But thanks to Flipkart for hassle free replacement within a week ! Happy with the product!READ MORE;;;;
It is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Never got a phone for the same month packing in last 15 years.. 1st time i have got the same month packing along with latest IOS also along with adapter and head phone... thanks a ton Flipkart for a amazing product...READ MORE;;;;
Amazing product by FlipkArt And Big thanks to HDFC bank for there offer Battery is biggest problem apart from it is an amazing phone .READ MORE;;;;
One of the best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Elegant design and great performanceBattery is average for a dayI was waiting to have 4.7 inch display iPhone I am happy about thatREAD MORE;;;;
I like this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Mind blowing product from AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Opppp.phone buy it.READ MORE;;;;
Go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome MobileREAD MORE;;;;
Good Things - good camera even low light condition- better performance- good build quality- good display quality.Bad Things- average battery- small screen sizeREAD MORE;;;;
if you like small phones in the trend of big screens.plus whatever apple gives it’s perfectREAD MORE;;;;
Camera and other features 👍 battery usage only for whatsup and calls its stays for 2 daysREAD MORE;;;;
its good in use nd apple is loveREAD MORE;;;;
Best in small size screenREAD MORE;;;;
Extremely happy with the buying and delivery experience...An amazing phone for someone who cannot live without the home button...super fast and the Camera is superb in fact neat in its class especially with the option of portrait mode...anyone on a budget and want an experience with apple and iOS go for it...READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
A phone with just the right amount of everything. Nothing less and nothing more.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome 4nREAD MORE;;;;
Good product!!READ MORE;;;;
Perfect product for iphone loverREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
excellentREAD MORE;;;;
Every thing was good except battery.READ MORE;;;;
First of all I got the phone for 25k which was a good deal and delivery from Flipkart was on time.After using phone for more than a week here are the pros and consPros:Great camera performance.Display is awesomeBionic A13 chip makes the performance very smoothCons:Very bad battery performance not even lasts half a dayREAD MORE;;;;
Myself azharuddin this is my first I phone and this phone  porfomece Is awasome compared to ondriad phones thanks to FlepKart giving me best price for best productREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone with a perfect sizeREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first iOS phone and I am happyREAD MORE;;;;
Verry good iPhone seREAD MORE;;;;
Just loveing it....❤️READ MORE;;;;
Battery performance is very lowREAD MORE;;;;
Awsum phone full of permormance with compact sizeREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing..READ MORE;;;;
I Love his performance 😍Specially his A13 Bionic  Processor ❤️READ MORE;;;;
No comments for apple .. its always awesome .. the deal i grabbed it in the sale is salutable to flipkart 😊.. thanks flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
It’s a steal....READ MORE;;;;
Nice under 26000READ MORE;;;;
Good product nice I am happy thank flipkart deal 25999 onlyREAD MORE;;;;
It’s a super fast mobile. Moderate users will feel butter smoothness in performance. For heavy users go for XR. In this price segment it’s a much better phone. Use a good tempered glass and czartech case. Ur mobile will b totally safe..READ MORE;;;;
I got the real power  (with small size)in my hand I loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Fantastic experience timely delivery apple its a brandREAD MORE;;;;
26k its was awesome price for iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice 👍READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Simply awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
After use 7 days i given this feedback so niceREAD MORE;;;;
Just WoW ....in such price segment...a13 bionic ..just smooth n fast ..... everything is alright.... battery is good not better....but a powerful phone ...if u want mid range cell phone just go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phoneGo for itREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone supperb cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productsREAD MORE;;;;
Received it for 23.7k after exchange of old phoneBest phone under this price segmentCamera and performance greatSound quality loud clear n crispDisplay is also great slight uncomfortable if moved from 6inch android phone but becomes ok after some time....Battery good for moderate users having 4-5 hrs screen usage dailyMoved from Android to Iphone n loved itThanks to Flipkart n AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
It's absolutely love.READ MORE;;;;
Super product and good serviceREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice product.....I am very happy....Thanks appleREAD MORE;;;;
loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Nice very goodREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product. Worth for the money spent.READ MORE;;;;
Good product nice mobile....READ MORE;;;;
Awesome!!!READ MORE;;;;
Good purchase. Worth the priceREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Superb ... worth it ...📱👍🏼👌🏼READ MORE;;;;
Good for normal use Like Browsing Texting etc on the other hand the single lens Camera is pretty good!READ MORE;;;;
Iphone se 2020 bestREAD MORE;;;;
Super iphone in 2020READ MORE;;;;
Value for money...smooth experience...no regret with the screen size.. battery is good for moderate usage.. around 8-10 hrs easily!!READ MORE;;;;
Just in love with this phone😍😍READ MORE;;;;
It's better than a buying camera it's really goodREAD MORE;;;;
It’s amazing Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
The last year’s flagship processor in pocket friendly ( lighter on money as well as in the Jeans) package . The performance is very good. Battery life could have been better . Night Mode photography should have been included . Apple should support this through software update. iOS supports for next 5 years make this iPhone more obvious choice who are switching from older iPhone users.I definitely recommend this iPhone .READ MORE;;;;
The phone is really osm 😍😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Received it a day before than the expected delivery date.READ MORE;;;;
It's a best compact smartphone. its just has a smaller display and a very low capacity battery for extreme users. But on the other hand it's the fastest smartphone in this budget segment.READ MORE;;;;
Not so good enough but not so bad also If you are good with small displayREAD MORE;;;;
The performance is so amazing.  Coming from one plus 7 which is already a very fast phone this feels even snappier.  The camera is amazing screen is great even for outdoors . Ios 14 is just amazing and for 26000 you get the fastest processor in the market which is just next level.  Totally satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Very great productREAD MORE;;;;
Superb clarityREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone in this rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Like the phone overall upgrading from 1st gen SE. would’ve preferred a bigger battery personally. But still gets me thru the dayREAD MORE;;;;
Except the battery the phone is bang for your buck ..READ MORE;;;;
Great phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Bought it for 20K with exchange during BBD sales. Best performing device in that price range. Design is old and could be a deal breaker for many but this design has its perks too. Extremely comfortable to hold and type. One hand usage is a pleasure and it sits in your pocket like you're not even carrying any phone with you. Stereo speakers sound great but media consuming experience is bad due to the tiny screen and big bezels. We have a single camera at the back and it's very reliable to ...READ MORE;;;;
Excellent mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Small form factorGreat performanceGood cameraAverage battery performanceTouch id is greatSoftware updates are supported upto 5 yearsREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Must buy mobile......product red is ❤️READ MORE;;;;
It's very nice and handy....overall performance is good....READ MORE;;;;
Super awesome smartphone... Apple you are best in mobile segment no one beat apple iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
Its good. I got it for 26290 and I am more than happy because now its price has gone up to Rs. 35000.READ MORE;;;;
I bought it for my dad and the mobile is quite decent and good Positive things : brand image in society                             Camera ..... A13 process.....and value for money phone in apple company Negitive things : battery is bad thats the only thing is -ve but the phone is really good and here are some pics enjoy itREAD MORE;;;;
Value for Money 100%. Good Product. Recommended. Quick Supply as per committment.READ MORE;;;;
very good product .and its performance is too good.READ MORE;;;;
Worth money I loved it.READ MORE;;;;
Best smartphone in this range. Thank you flipkart for giving me thisREAD MORE;;;;
Good ProductREAD MORE;;;;
superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
For a moderate user this is the decent battery and you know the performance very well overall very nice phone in 27k with bionic A13READ MORE;;;;
If its Apple nothing to thinkREAD MORE;;;;
Powerful device in low budget from Apple.Without second thought go for it!!!!READ MORE;;;;
product was good..READ MORE;;;;
Best Iphone in this budget 😍READ MORE;;;;
Best ios device if you got it in the for 24000 loke I did... Best cpu best cam the battery is an issue as its just 1800mah but still u will get a 5hr display time but its fine for me as its my secondary mobile... &  a pro tip... If ur using it with vodafone or airtel go into settings of sim & change the mode from 4d to 3g under data settings as the 4g uses more battery but 3g uses less though u will get a data speed of 3mbps but thats just fine for youtube & rest of the social app to work smo...READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product by Apple worth of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
My 1st iPhone experience....very useful...I’m loving it.READ MORE;;;;
No doubt iphone se at its best.READ MORE;;;;
The battary of the phone is really bad and the rest are very goodREAD MORE;;;;
I luv the way how they pack and carefully ... The product was GudREAD MORE;;;;
very good productREAD MORE;;;;
If you are a light phone user this one is perfect for you. Its so good and premium. Battery works decent 5 hours a day. Charging time is good and you will somewhere struggle in daylight for screen other than that camera is terrific and powerful chipset makes it so fast and smooth. Functions are also great like speech recognition and double tap back.READ MORE;;;;
Highly recommended under 26kREAD MORE;;;;
The best phone as accepted...READ MORE;;;;
Liked the device thoroughly except for its battery backup...Basically I prefer phone's with over 5 inch but considering its premium quality I'm pretty.much satisfied with the device...The camera performance and the RAM management is phenomenal in this phone though...READ MORE;;;;
I purchase this phone 26k phone is very good but battery is poor but everything is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice handset but buttery back-up is lowREAD MORE;;;;
Most value for money I phone..READ MORE;;;;
Good battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
Quit good as a handy phone of appleREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
This is the best you can have for further 2-2.5 yearsyou'll not face any single lag till 2023 for sureREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent Deal... worthy...READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Good one at this price. Review after a weeks usageREAD MORE;;;;
excellentREAD MORE;;;;
Apple Products are always outclass No comparison with any non Apple deviceREAD MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
Bohot Hard💝💯Very Nice ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Good just go for it Battery life is averageREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome beast mobile. Don't miss the opportunity just buy this beast😇READ MORE;;;;
I got very bad battery without use dropping the battery percentageREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile design is very nice and camera quality bad in night time and  low lighting area. Otherwise all features very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Great deal in big billions day.READ MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phone ....camera quality are good...weaknesses point is batteryREAD MORE;;;;
We got a very good deal at 25k on big billion sale. Apple is apple king of phones. No more to say. We are very happyREAD MORE;;;;
Fully satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
I'm really satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone 👍📱 Love it.. apple is inovationREAD MORE;;;;
Nice price phone in iPhone seriesREAD MORE;;;;
The device gives you better performance than what is expectedREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice mobile in this range super very fast deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
BEST ONEREAD MORE;;;;
awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
I am happy with flipkart especially the delivery guy was very helpful and understanding.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing Phone...Superb Camera..Value for Money PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Looking goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good for iOS beginner for this prize rangeREAD MORE;;;;
camera osm  nice product battery life 1 day compatibleREAD MORE;;;;
excellent phone 25999 beastREAD MORE;;;;
Good product but apple could give a better batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Grab the best phone when it is high on discount price !!! Definitely worth a penny 😍READ MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
I was using Samsung but after using se I found the product very light wt. and astonishingREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Very sleek and stylish and Camera quality is very good.READ MORE;;;;
Very good 📱 📱READ MORE;;;;
Very nice product with best price. It worth the priceREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is the week point of this phone.READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
phone is awsomeREAD MORE;;;;
nice phone.READ MORE;;;;
After 10 days of usageExcellent delivery from Flipkart and Ecom ExpressMy first iPhone and its awesomeOnly battery is issue but can be mitigated by a power bankI got iOS 14 update now In SE which is greatPerformance is top notchREAD MORE;;;;
Got it for 26k during sales and for the price its pretty much the best iphone you can get right now.Display looks a bit outdated with the large forehead and chin.Battery life also takes a hit due to the powerful processor and lower capacity battery.Finish and quality is excellent as you would expect from an apple product.Pros :Powerful bionic chipBuild qualityCompact sizeCamera qualityCons :Outdated display with large chin and foreheadAverage or below average battery back upOutda...READ MORE;;;;
Best for new Apple userREAD MORE;;;;
Apple has kept to its standards as usual.. it’s a brilliant product.. camera is very good and battery performance is up to expectations...READ MORE;;;;
Value for Money.READ MORE;;;;
Nice picturesREAD MORE;;;;
This is the BEST DEAL i have got in flipkart !!!Delivery on time.Thanks to flipkart and team.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent experience with IOS Mini compactREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is amazing about this phone apart from batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Just Get This OneREAD MORE;;;;
Got in on big billion sale for 26k. Totally worth it! Great camera and looks stunning. It was delivered on time and the delivery guy took a video while unboxing to make sure the product was right.READ MORE;;;;
Original productREAD MORE;;;;
Loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Rebooting takes timeREAD MORE;;;;
well I am quite happy using it. The issue is just related to battery backup but i guess its with every iphone and i got it at a very cheap price so all and all its a good deal.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent built quantity value for money good performance. Right choice for those who use smart phone for stay connected not for gaming and media consumption.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Overall Outstanding PerformanceREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone with reasonable priceREAD MORE;;;;
Handy... Moderate performance device... Better than any Android in this price tag... Very nice deal from Flipkart... A good companion for a moderate mobile user...READ MORE;;;;
Every thing is ok but sometime hitting issuesREAD MORE;;;;
Best budget iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Worth considering if you are willing to negotiate on battery life.READ MORE;;;;
Overall superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone and amazing performance...READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
In love with this product.<3READ MORE;;;;
Great iPhone Model. Seemless transition from iPhone 6. Can't go wrong with Apple. Need to say more fanboys?READ MORE;;;;
Loving every bit of it ......i am a pubg player..... gives me 3hrs of game play which is more than enough for me....charges 1.15hrs of time is required to reach from 5-90 compared to android its slow but..at the iphone is iphone and i am proud to own it. Haven't been so happy to play pubg....i used to play in 6.4inch screen....but 4.7 inch screen is enough for meREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
I choose iphone SE because1. Privacy2. Security3. Camera4. Sound qualityDrawbacks1. Battery2. Screen sizeProduct is very good but my suggestion is to use it as a spare since extensive usage may not last a day of battery .READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Its my 1st Iphone and its really good experience. I have android phone also One plus so screen size matters.Just bought this in Sale to experience the IphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Got this for 26K. Value for money. Fast delivery by FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Product was assembled in India so in big billion days got on 26k rsREAD MORE;;;;
this is my second iphone and i suggest go for it if are understand to differentiate between and good phone and best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome 👌READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome IPhone I switched from iPhone 6 to iPhone SE in terms of performance it is very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice Phone Need to Improve on BatteryREAD MORE;;;;
I am a senior citizen. I bought it for its speaker quality and its palm friendly size. On both counts I am not disappointed. I still use my S9 plus. Android is certainly more user friendly. Apple is very superior as far as hardware is concerned. You can call it the blue blooded mobile!READ MORE;;;;
I got it in 25k.. Nd really this is the best pick under 25.Very handySlimCoolREAD MORE;;;;
What a device !!! Performance is top notch overall chotu monster 😍😀READ MORE;;;;
Its a gift for my  wife and i haven't given it to her yet....but the phone was in awesome package and it looks superb....my wife is an apple user..and m sure she will love it.READ MORE;;;;
Purchased in 24kREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money if you want compact phone with smooth functioning.READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup not good camera quality average but looks and brand superbREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phone in this price big billion days(28k)128 gb.READ MORE;;;;
Overall good performance accept battery and display. Battery capacity too low and display is Off-white as camper to iPhone 6.  Camera is too good.READ MORE;;;;
Gifted to mom as she wanted a small size smart phone where rest phones are of 6 inches this was power pack and a perfect gift for her and she loved it.Iphones do last longer than any android phonesBattery is pretty decent for her needs though for me it wouldn't sufficeREAD MORE;;;;
Overall value for money and satisfied with the product. Delivery was also before scheduled dateREAD MORE;;;;
super phone in classREAD MORE;;;;
fastest phone ever ( small phone big blast )❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
GreatREAD MORE;;;;
Good Camera Good Performance It’s a good phone for moderate users and not for heavy users because of battery backup.Good Audio qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Needs to work on battery....READ MORE;;;;
Mast niceREAD MORE;;;;
Must buy🔥🔥🔥READ MORE;;;;
I phone se powered by A13 bionic chip I bought this for 30k it was unbelievable experience since the phone original price was about 48k so it is a value for money I phone performance is way too good but the battery is not upto the mark and display is ok infact better because its a 4k ultra hd oled display no worries but the battery backup should be enhanced a little bit while video stabilization is good rather better than stillsREAD MORE;;;;
Product is nice well camera clarity  nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Best Deal Ever.. IPhone Always Takes Their Phone Into Another LevelREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Simply the best one I have ever bought till date. Flipkart service in delivering my phone much before the expected date n time was amazingREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone 😎READ MORE;;;;
Good phone excellent performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery performance. Perfect mobile for a descent and advanced applications.READ MORE;;;;
Improve more battery backup more..READ MORE;;;;
I really loved itBut the battery is the prblmAnd the screen is not that small actually it’s classy and perfect And the camera is dam goodU can definitely give it a tryREAD MORE;;;;
Good product good performance but battery too badREAD MORE;;;;
Good performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone... got it for 23kREAD MORE;;;;
osm productREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product.. I love it ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Just battery is low. Everything else is good.READ MORE;;;;
This phone is a beastCan play heavy graphics games without any lag or glitchesCamera is best at this price rangeIf you're a heavy user then you should carry a powerbank with youREAD MORE;;;;
An Apple SE at this price point is better then any other phone.READ MORE;;;;
thing of beautyREAD MORE;;;;
All is well but display & body dimensions same to same iphone 7 . No any difference between SE and iphone 7 . Only sum space is changed .READ MORE;;;;
Awsm phone...READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phone at a budget value ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Got this phone during festive sale for 29k for 128 gb. Totally value fir money. Only issue is battery power rest amazing phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Iys very gud product but battery performance is less in comparison to now a day mobiles butboverall its gud product.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile...READ MORE;;;;
I got it for 26000 and it provides extreme value for its priceREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone 😘😘😘😘I like handy feel of this phone soo muchREAD MORE;;;;
Good one within budget.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent product. Cost increases with in hours of sale. This is not correct.READ MORE;;;;
Super mobile 👌👌👌👌READ MORE;;;;
Amazing deal offered by Flipkart ! Genuine product and best choice if you don’t like big display. No comparison with performance as it’s comes with A13 Bionic cheap.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing deal thank FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone very handy and good sound qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Very GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing deal ...got 128 Gb in just 28 k in big billion with SBI card offer...my first iOS phone takes time to used to ..but excellent phone...READ MORE;;;;
Compact phone with good build quality .READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Very disappointed with battery backup👎🏻I have to charge daily twice.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent workREAD MORE;;;;
nice colourREAD MORE;;;;
Just got the right product for my mom. This is just what I expected from Apple.READ MORE;;;;
Good job Flipkart! Delivered on time.READ MORE;;;;
Sensible buy for the ones looking for the smaller display but powerful phoneREAD MORE;;;;
A very good productREAD MORE;;;;
There is a Battery issue otherwise goodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent designExcellent performanceBattery backup-NormalREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is super except for the battery which is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product and timely deliveredREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing deal  just 24750 only must buyREAD MORE;;;;
Good to see assembled in India 👍 Excellent quality and like see  remain models also assemble in India.READ MORE;;;;
Best budget phone for normal users 🔥READ MORE;;;;
It’s good for people who cannot manage phablets. Make sure you buy tempered glass and back cover along with it because it made of glass. Only negative is Battery. It’s purely for people still need iPhone in less price.READ MORE;;;;
Nice camera and performanceFron camera is decentBattery life also not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Loved itREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Its good device with high end features. Only issue it has is battery. The battery drains very quickly. Even on standby it drops by 20-25% within 7-8 hrs.READ MORE;;;;
Superb one 1 : Great Build2: Good Camera 3: Good Sound Quality 4: Battery Average 5 : Price OkayREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is to lessREAD MORE;;;;
Handy and perfomance beast.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
I love iPhone....I am very happy to buy this productREAD MORE;;;;
Battery mAH should have been more than 3000 mah at least to give long day support. Apart from battery concerns all other features are looks good and satisfactory 🙂READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice... 128 gb... Very good deal..READ MORE;;;;
All is good but the battery performance not wellREAD MORE;;;;
I’m big fan of IPhone so I purchased IPhone SE......Nice camera nd over all great phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent 👌READ MORE;;;;
FabulousREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone at this price. There is no any extra comment when you buy Apple phone. Brand is self explanatory.READ MORE;;;;
Nice .....READ MORE;;;;
Delivery maintenance good and safe secure alsoREAD MORE;;;;
The Best mobile phone With the great trust and security of iOS and the camera is mind boggling as always 🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻READ MORE;;;;
Being a Apple brand Battery wise not up to the markKindly pursue the sustainability of battery of Apple users thank youREAD MORE;;;;
osm phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome..I got this in 24k in big billion day Thank you flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
love itREAD MORE;;;;
Just wow.Great deal by flipkart on BBD saleTrue beast with a small form factorIphone 11 internals packed in iphone 8 body.READ MORE;;;;
Nice mobile and awesome cameraREAD MORE;;;;
wowREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent MobileREAD MORE;;;;
I like this very much. Budget friendly and the performance is just top notch. Great product. Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Good working product.. no damage in delivery..READ MORE;;;;
Thank you Flipkart for this iPhone and its fantastic mobile I feel very good for few reasons 1. High screen resolution2. It’s performance it never hang 3. Playing Games superb in this mobile 4. It comes with A13 and latest osBattery is ok it can be improved. Everything super :-)  go for itThis mobile is super go for it :-) :-) don’t thinkREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
It’s just perfect !!READ MORE;;;;
Really good product nd a big tq to Flipkart for this great dealREAD MORE;;;;
Very loved phone😍READ MORE;;;;
I m a photographer nd cinematographer and i think this phone is best for me.And iphone has best image processing.READ MORE;;;;
Good product but battery big problem gamers boy but normal users used this iPhone se 8-9 hr (1921MH)battery Camera roll is the best iPhone se (front camera)12MP Selfi camera normal good 7MP Value for money this iPhone se only for normal usersREAD MORE;;;;
A powerful phone with great camera and processing speed. Battery disappoints big time.READ MORE;;;;
Up---------------PerformanceDesignCamara SpeakerDown----------BatteryShould give at least back case.READ MORE;;;;
Every thing is excellent except battery ... because battery backup very low..READ MORE;;;;
Amazing cellphone with amazing features.🤙🏻🤙🏻READ MORE;;;;
Very good purchase 👍READ MORE;;;;
I got the iPhone SE at 21k best deal one could ever get top notch device.READ MORE;;;;
My first IPhone. For first two days I have issues in navigating between asps. but after a quick google search learnt that every navigation is based upon the software unless home button used to close down the application.  I liked it ... Has very rich features and recently I have updated to iOS 14 versionREAD MORE;;;;
Great deal and nyc phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Genuine quality productREAD MORE;;;;
Great deal ( thnx to flipkart ) on BBD sale. Cheers!READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone with a great camera .For average user go for it guys such a nice phone in this budget.READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
What a performancePubg game awsmCamera excellentREAD MORE;;;;
looks good super perfomanceREAD MORE;;;;
nice and handy one if it had more battery performance it would have been even better.delivered next day after oredered almost had a feeling of getting from the outlet.READ MORE;;;;
For simple use best mobile and long life don’t think about camera yearly will change  normal use best mobilesREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone and deal in big billion days!!READ MORE;;;;
Overall good but battery not sufficientREAD MORE;;;;
used for 4 day now and updated ios 14.1 this is so much of taste. it is a minimalist's phone.READ MORE;;;;
After researching for over 4month.I decided to buy iphone Se(2020). On this billion days.Ordered the 128gb varient. Now I have some things to tell regarding the phone.First of all its an iPhone which every one should keep in mind. Iphone is always the best except it's pricing in india.Type of iphone models always depends on person to person and the type of use.I have given a 5 star rating which I will justify below.1. Display : My friend has OnePlus 7T . He having such a big phone and...READ MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile buget value of money I bought for only 26k.READ MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone with great performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is good for display is small value for money 👍READ MORE;;;;
i buy in 25999 its a best price of iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best iphone ever ❤️❤️❤️❤️ just love it.🥰READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobile and best priceREAD MORE;;;;
Lightest phone ever iPhone se 25999 is value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone Average batteryAverage camera Average displayBut performance is highREAD MORE;;;;
I bought it on BBD for 26249/- it's an amazing price to buy.... Thanks to flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone I like this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Size doesn't matter when it has the power ; )READ MORE;;;
Product is very good with a affordable price. But packing of product should be more better than recent packing .READ MORE;;;;
as expactedREAD MORE;;;;
Good product💖READ MORE;;;;
Best budget iPhone for users who want to upgrade from Android and try hands on iOS features and also for users who want to upgrade from older iPhone 6 like devicesREAD MORE;;;;
product is awesome delivery of products is also good and delivery boy is also very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Loving it original from flipkart awesome product.total value for money.READ MORE;;;;
My first apple phone is iPhone se2020I share my best experience in using mobile 10days the se2020 is a flagship level camera and top performance but displays is very small in now a day 4.7 inc  it’s very old type and normal battery in normal use 1 day battery life but in heavy use I may charge 1 to 2 timesREAD MORE;;;;
This is the little beastREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Best productREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
For those who wants compact mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Little beast...!!!READ MORE;;;;
At 24800/- value for money and reliable product.READ MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Quick service I am happy to buy mobile from filpcart thanks two uREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomenessREAD MORE;;;;
iphone se is powerful device awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Very Handy And Single Handed Use Smartphone.. after a long time ... A true value for money smartphone 😁READ MORE;;;;
Loved it in this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
I never expect this price iPhone...really happy with big billon day sales.READ MORE;;;;
Got in 24.5k. worth it. Can't go for expensive iPhone 12READ MORE;;;;
This phone is  greatREAD MORE;;;;
No doubt its a good ph. battery seems to be slight weak rest is fineREAD MORE;;;;
very good productREAD MORE;;;;
8/10 due to battery backup. Overall satisfied.READ MORE;;;;
Super mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
It’s amazing size is perfect I love itREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Brilliant phone go for it 🤠READ MORE;;;;
Ultimate phone with ultimate cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone with new chipset. On time deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
For the first time i thanked Flipkart for giving a great feautured phone for a good priceREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is for light users who uses their phone around 4 to 5 hours a day . Because the battery life of this phone is very less you have to continuously charge this phone if you are a heavy user. Most important point at this time where so many smartphones available in market this phone have lack of many things but if you love apple and want to use small smartphone with having all power than its for you.READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Of course its a very good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent purchase for me as I always prefer a compact device to carry & also uses OnePlus and ipad. Best option for someone who has multiple devices. But don't buy as your only device. Battery life is pretty decent not that good. Camera works great. Display is okishhhh... But provides a premium experience in hand.READ MORE;;;;
Perfect 😍😍READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Best price 👍READ MORE;;;;
Nice product and fast delivery by FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
In a few words this is a great phone except for the battery backup Overall for 24249(In Big Billion Days) it was a great dealREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice 👌READ MORE;;;;
Very GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Very GoodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
great product...battery works  better than samsung's 5000  mah battery for sure.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone loved it value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Overall Good Experience... Flipkart packing is very bad...READ MORE;;;;
very nice phone. love the 4.7 inch screen size..very handy.READ MORE;;;;
Superb phone and superb service by FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is very smallREAD MORE;;;;
Nice little phoneREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
i love this phone for many reasonREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone in the market at this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
At what price I bought this phone is fab. Every thing is up to the mark considering it's price point.A13 Bionic is doing an fantabulous job.READ MORE;;;;
Nice performance little batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Most liked product. Thanks for the timely delivery 😄READ MORE;;;;
Really niceREAD MORE;;;;
Overall niceREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is extremely value for money except its battery life.READ MORE;;;;
Great to useREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Almost it's iPhone 6 with new hardware....READ MORE;;;;
AWESOME😍READ MORE;;;;
Go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Must buy. Value for money product but battery is issue. plz check according to your use.READ MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Just the battery performance is not good everything else is super.READ MORE;;;;
Great dealREAD MORE;;;;
Mini but mightyREAD MORE;;;;
On time delivery. Original mobile. Purchased during big billion days for 45% off. This was very good deal. I thank flipkart for such an amazing offers.READ MORE;;;;
osm productREAD MORE;;;;
Loved it❤️ And battery is not as poor as people say..But may be not better than xr and 11..READ MORE;;;;
It’s amazingREAD MORE;;;;
Best budget iphone for moderate users. Its performance outclasses everything else but battery is the one and only weakest pointREAD MORE;;;;
I loved it as I got this at the lowest price.READ MORE;;;;
Period - “Apple is always The Best”Flipkart did a wonderful job on the delivery part.READ MORE;;;;
Good product value for money to use it onceREAD MORE;;;;
It's fantastic. Nothing to say.....READ MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
It a nice phone..I have got at very low price in big million day time..Coming to the performance it's awesome.and camera is too good...READ MORE;;;;
Only battery some issues otherwise very nice quality productREAD MORE;;;;
Masterpiece from Apple! Compact and powerful!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome no remarks. True Made For Indians from Apple.  Every one needs to keep itREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product.READ MORE;;;;
Battery very puarREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice product.Battery output is good for normal use. Good camera quality.READ MORE;;;;
I am super happy with the phone sofar no complaintsREAD MORE;;;;
Super fast deliveryThanks to flip kartREAD MORE;;;;
This is my second upgrade from 1st gen SE to this one. This is one such a brilliant machine one will definitely fall in love with it. Everything is pros with only con in battery performance.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
This is a good phone for the price I bought (24K). It checks all the boxes. It handles everything effortlessly. More over this phone is superb future proof.READ MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is good but the ekart people is not good they didn't respond properlyREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent for day to day office useREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent 👌READ MORE;;;;
Best of in all iphone with Home buttonREAD MORE;;;;
Best quality product.READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Always goodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is the achillees heel.. good on every other departmentREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone But battery not good only satisfactoryREAD MORE;;;;
Phone excellent but when next time provide airpords....READ MORE;;;;
Everything is ok except chargerREAD MORE;;;;
My first iPhoneFeels greatSlim phoneSecurity enhancedTq Apple.IncREAD MORE;;;;
WORLD CLASS PRODUCTREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Unbelievable price. Best phone. Upgraded from iphone 6. This phone works like charm. With all new features loke dept mode/ focus control. Speed is fast. Cons. Lcd screenBattery life. Pros- got for 25k on BBD - ios  - faster chip- great camera. - compact phone.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent one..READ MORE;;;;
Less spend lots to loveREAD MORE;;;;
UltimateREAD MORE;;;;
Battery and display LCD Remaining very think is V.GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Delivered today.Looking good and promising.I can easily use it for 4 years.My updation from iphone 5s to SE2020.Totally loved it..READ MORE;;;;
Its vry pretty... sleek and classicREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing performance Thanx Flipkart for amazing dealREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Brilliant phone but battery performance not good.      But. OK.      Sound quality awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is poor performance..... otherwise all are goodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome awesome awesome .....buy this and thats all ...privacy 100× with touch IDREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone with great performance &Camera  battery is ok no problem but phone is outstandingREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product so far. I always have a dream of using this small iphone before it obsolute from the market. My dream came true.... Thought the screen was a little small in size. But its powerpakt and suffice all my requirement. Just that battery could have been a bit better. Overall value for money product. Its feels nice to hold in one hand.. slim and sleek designREAD MORE;;;;
Nice oneREAD MORE;;;;
Great Deal Great Compact Phone....READ MORE;;;;
Best qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Best value for money phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone but size is very short so the scrre in very smallREAD MORE;;;;
Osm PerformanceREAD MORE;;;;
I really love this phone ..thanku so much Flipkart for this offerREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Only just battery is a issue otherwise good productREAD MORE;;;;
SupperREAD MORE;;;;
Far better than expectationREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Super 💕😘nice product 👍READ MORE;;;;
Go for itREAD MORE;;;;
An excellent phone with not so good battery!READ MORE;;;;
So after using for one week no complaints bought this phone as my secondary device..works just fine no complains😑READ MORE;;;;
APPLE PRODUCTS ARE ALWAYS NICE NO NEED FOR DESCRIPTIONREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone thanks flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
For this price phone is real superREAD MORE;;;;
It is like walla walla product I bought if from big billion Day for 26999 best value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Great overall phone. Camera is great. But battery is average. Small compact phone.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile for those who like small and handy especially Red is charming 😍READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phone Only battery performance is low.It was called the world's best phone when it had 2500 MAH battery.READ MORE;;;;
Best product everREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery all are excellentREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you Flipkart for fulfilling my dream to own my first IPhone at such a reasonable price.READ MORE;;;;
GreatREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone and good photos shot on iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
All was good but the delivery was delayed because of some reasonsREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone @ lowest price ever from Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Best productsREAD MORE;;;;
For this price Ig this is more than enough Apart from the battery backup everything is just fineREAD MORE;;;;
battery draining issues otherwise its perfect!READ MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone with best for mainly handy phone for single hand users nice performance in small gadgetREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery every thing is good.READ MORE;;;;
Better is poorer than old iPhone SEREAD MORE;;;;
Too good product in this range. Battery and Camera is also good. This ia best product in this rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile is good but delivery boy is too badREAD MORE;;;;
Product no dought to good & flipkart make it in my pocket budget thanks to FLIPKARTREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone only for those who can use it like a phone for some camera and social not for those who keep using phone for 24 hrs.. Battery could have been a bit better though... easily beats flagship of around 70kREAD MORE;;;;
Really loving it after migrating from Android. It is so well built.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent thanks Flipkart my dream phone fulfillREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery the phone is a worthy one...if u love to use hand compact iphone just move for itREAD MORE;;;;
I think this is my best iphone ever. I always wanted a small phone and everything in market were of low performance and this phone with A13 Bionic chipset also launched in may 2020 is a great deal and buy. I recommend everyone to buy this who wants a fingerprint sensor and the classic phone like iphone 6 7 and 8. Light weight and everything is perfect. No complaints till now. I have been using this for 5 days and privacy and security is the best in apple devices even the 64 gb model is more t...READ MORE;;;;
There are many phones that performs better at this price. But if you are bored with the bulky phones and expect a decent handy phone with IOS this is the best choice. I love this phone for the size.READ MORE;;;;
Nice product and affordableREAD MORE;;;;
The phone  is osum thzz was my dream phone which I have already got it today thank you flipkart for giving me exlent phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing packaging and fast deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing productREAD MORE;;;;
Satisfied with overall performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent performance with low pricing 30k amazing thanks a lot Flipkart for offering such a lower costREAD MORE;;;;
Good. Excellent weight use for daily life. Pathetic battery.Good CameraREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product. Thanks Flipkart 🤩READ MORE;;;;
Great Purchase.. Thanks Flipkart of lowest offer.!READ MORE;;;;
Value of money but battery performance is worstREAD MORE;;;;
Loved the phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Its a fantastic product I upgraded from 5s so its a massive upgrade for me but if you are using xr xs 11 dont buy this its a downgrade for you even android user can use this beast as a secondary phoneREAD MORE;;;;
It’s good product  everything is good except batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Product is good ....but I never expect the product delivery toooo much delay and no responses the from the delivery Dept..When ever it's possible they will do the delivery not customer convinence.We have booked total 5 items but only one item they have delivered in time reming all 2 times they have delay with out confirmation....not at all happy with Flipkart My humble request plz rectify the like this issues immediately....READ MORE;;;;
Bought it for just 25kIts a beast recommend to buy this those who like small displaysBattery is better than my previous phone (samsung j7)READ MORE;;;;
I bought this phone in 28k during Big billion day sale. Completely satisfied with the phone features and performance. Only drawback is the camera quality. But this phone is still value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Over all superREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing. Fast!READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent Seller. Thank you for Fast Delivery.READ MORE;;;;
Camera is just superb Only problem is battery it last for 4-5hrs when you on mobile data full timePerformance is blazing Easy to handleREAD MORE;;;;
Got in big billion days for 26k. Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Working super and battery life also goodREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phone with excellent price got it @30990 only. Happy purchase. Thanku Flipkart n seller.READ MORE;;;;
price worthREAD MORE;;;;
Good product definitely. But think twice before ordering from flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Everthing works great ✌️READ MORE;;;;
Phone is good but only issue is less battery capacity. Battery life is only for 10 to 12 hour for average use .READ MORE;;;;
It's osm and red colour is to goodREAD MORE;;;;
Camera quality :goodPerformance:goodREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is quite risky to hold because it is very smallREAD MORE;;;;
Nice with low budgetREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Owsm phone in this range 😍READ MORE;;;;
very goodREAD MORE;;;;
My first i phone in 128 gb under 27k ..mobile perfomances very smoth  . I like itREAD MORE;;;;
I got this at 26000 Pros:1.  value for money2. Fast as flash3. Software updates.4. Camera is better than my XRCons: 1. This ain't meant for video streaming. But I guess one will already know this before buying as both screen and battery is small.My Experience: I charge it once to 85-95%. Keep mobile data always on. I get tons of messages on whatsapp as I work in manufacturing plant and take quite a few photos and call. it nerver went below 20% battery level  till late night. POINT: ...READ MORE;;;;
First time flipcart delivery late but ok otherwise produt very goodREAD MORE;;;;
I got this phone in 2days in big billion day just osm phone Specially camera love it I’m android user so little bit difficult to shipping to iOS but overall goodREAD MORE;;;;
Best price for the productREAD MORE;;;;
This is super phone at 27999. I am completely blown away by the camera and performance. The wireless charging is very convenient. Display and battery are ok ok but the performance is mind blowing. If you want to see what it means to have your phone always working without any issues then you need to try this. There is nothing that will crash or not work. If you want convenience in your pocket then go get it.READ MORE;;;;
All gudREAD MORE;;;;
In my point of view I have issue with charging capacity is very bad other thaan that worth for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone is iPhone.I love about apple the most is they never compromise with qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Good ChoiceREAD MORE;;;;
Have to buy best budget iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
😱😱wow love itREAD MORE;;;;
Superb performance and excellent quality but better quality is lowREAD MORE;;;;
Screen is too tiny Performance wise amazing Best buy🙏🙏READ MORE;;;;
Neither good nor bad for 25000 rs.READ MORE;;;;
I got this phone at  24749 ...The product is awesome ...I  was very afraid because of negative reviews about the battery but all vanished after I actually used the mobile ...battery is actually very good considering the size of mobile ..it's very handy  mobile ...I purchased this mobile because apple will support this phone for next five years ...it has A13 bionic chip which is fastest in the world .I already have k20 pro for viewing videos ..I purchased the mobile because of its performance ...READ MORE;;;;
premium feelbest cameracompact and powerfulbest designgood battery.....value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent mobile for better price🥰🥰🥰READ MORE;;;;
Super premier look i hv full satisfyingREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone is a iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
This product is useful and best size in this phone and price also very good nice selection in iPhone finely phone very cute My I request apple company this iPhone battery very low and please increase the battery backup in this iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Performance top class hai 😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Very nice phone at 37990 .Go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect handy phone for a moderate user not for the gamer will create screen size issue and battery is not so more to   proble. If you are always near the electric board means in the house or office then it is good . Sound quality is really awesome dolby. Photography can’t be conveyed this is to be feel the pro cameras😍READ MORE;;;;
Very Nice !Its really worth it!User freindly!READ MORE;;;;
without any option just go for it..ARUN you made my day!!!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone.READ MORE;;;;
BestREAD MORE;;;;
Its AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Apple iphone se perfect phone for this ratebut flipkart horrible experience this time worst service they provided worst experience from flipkart this time 0 star for flipkart serviceREAD MORE;;;;
Very happy with this phone. Was using the first generation SE and it is a good upgrade. Battery life lasts a day depending on usage. Very good quality and finish. At the price of 26.5k it was a steal. Unhappy with the exchange offer as it was suddenly reduced by more than 60% of initially offered value without any screen or body damages and phone in working condition.READ MORE;;;;
Coming from a pixel I find the camera just okay. Pixel can blow this out of water right away. But the tech overall is good and smooth. Restrictions were really bad for someone using Android for last 8yrs but there are byepasses and they became manageable soon. Battery could do better but I knew what I was buying so no regrets. Also MacBook integration is top notch. I love the video recording capabilities of this phone.READ MORE;;;;
Carried away on a lucrative offer but happy with the decision. Apple is Apple with regard to the brand and Quality.READ MORE;;;;
Phon is very good but price may be higher then expected of over all performance battery is very bad result!!!   But Flipkart is very good delivered in three day orders’ thanksREAD MORE;;;;
Outstanding performance from the A13 chip.Future proof with the latest chipset and regular iOS updates. Compact and handy and good image stability.Battery capacity is poor.READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
It is one of the best thing no words are requird to justify it the name is ENOUGH!!!!READ MORE;;;;
Nice Product Thanks Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Only drawback is Batteey capacity is low...READ MORE;;;;
This is my first iphone experince i never forget thisREAD MORE;;;;
Gud product under priceREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
the product is very good and the feature are superb as well as in terms of looking its fabulousREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup it’s ok ok I’m playing pubg 3 hour in hundred percent charge performance is really worth for buying nd SpecialREAD MORE;;;;
NICE PRODUCT.. OPERATING SYSTEM IS FAST & HANDY PHONE.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone SE is Love😍❤️READ MORE;;;;
Best qualityREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent service for flipkart and supercomnet fully satisfied 😌READ MORE;;;;
Amazing productREAD MORE;;;;
It is the best phone at good price.READ MORE;;;;
Best phone in the market right now undoubtedly. Couldn’t ask for more for regular usageREAD MORE;;;;
Old model . Superb performREAD MORE;;;;
If u are taking a budget iphone and max performance then u must go for it....it is just superb and the main cons is the small display that's looked totally back dated but if u take e handy phn then it is best for u....READ MORE;;;;
This Chhotu iPhone SE looking pretty good beautiful. RED color is attractive n looking fabulous. This chhotu is handy n comfort to use. I just love it n it's all features's performance. Really it's value for money in flipkart BBDs.READ MORE;;;;
Smalll and handy iphone se mobail suppppREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing Product with Amazing Price...READ MORE;;;;
Mind blowingREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone for meREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone...i loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
It's very nice.. I'm happy to buy it.. Value for money.. Thank you flip kart and seller ..READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing... first of all the price boosted me as i can also think of an iPhone latest model with such a reasonable cost(#thanks to big billion day). Secondly the battery backup and processor is good in comparison to other iphone models till date n lastly talking abt camera it's an iPhone dude no comments: truly awesome...loving it😊READ MORE;;;;
Amazing Phone with amazing Features.READ MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product thenx for filpkartREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Lucky to grab this on BBD.. Affordable price.READ MORE;;;;
The Best Budget iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
It's a really good performance phoneREAD MORE;;;;
very nice performance . and very nice and reliable deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Super awesome phone with little less battery and super performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice Project is very good camera quite high am also happy in this mobile phone cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome buy... Thanks Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Got it for 24k in bbd best in segment.... camera as good as iPhone 11 and pixel.... battery and display suck....all though performance is smooth....READ MORE;;;;
Best phone for the given priceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice oneREAD MORE;;;;
Great Phone for the one who want to join Apple echo system. Games should stay away feom this phone due to battery size. Performance is mind blowing and more over got the one which have beeen assembled in INDIA. Love it!READ MORE;;;;
nice loockREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone is the BestREAD MORE;;;;
Good one best buy.READ MORE;;;;
Never buy from flipkart if price in apple store and flipkart matches . Other than Awesome phone.Thanks Flipkart for getting me at 24749 in big billion days. No words to sayGo for it blindlyReviewed after 7 months of usageREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice phone by apple. Good camera  quality and good battery backup.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product I ever had 👌 genuine product made in IndiaREAD MORE;;;;
Best if u are first time ios userREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product and very good delivery flipkart....READ MORE;;;;
Truely Jhakkas :)READ MORE;;;;
I got this phone on Big Billion at just 28000 with an exchange offer. I got sealed product and here is my review:1. Excellent looks and feel2. Camera is also Good just like XR but not as good as compre to iPhone 113. Battery performance is also improved 4. Basically the device just looks like iPhone 7 5. Display is also same but the A13 processor is a beast6. Built quality is not as much good as iPhone 117. But at this price 128 GB is an exception. Happy to get a service like this f...READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
perfect 👌 good product!!thanks to seller&flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
My Exchange was not successful...READ MORE;;;;
The back side not same as image showed. Every thing superbREAD MORE;;;;
Everything in the phone is good except 2 things:a) Battery back is ok for normal usage but for heavy usage it will run out of power by evening if charged in morning. On screen time is approx 4 to 4.5 hrsb) Night mode is absent. At such a price the phone should have night mode.READ MORE;;;;
Super mobile battery backup is 5hours battery life very nice phone with iOS 13 I love it best apple budget phoneREAD MORE;;;;
I like so muchREAD MORE;;;;
So handyREAD MORE;;;;
Overall nice phone and great price. Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Product is good as expected but packing is not good as expected from flipkart. Poor packaging ..  Service delivery is quite good ..READ MORE;;;;
Except for battery the phone is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
I am last 4 years use iPhone. Experience is good with iPhone 👍👌READ MORE;;;;
nice quality product😍READ MORE;;;;
Awesome deviceREAD MORE;;;;
It’s my first iPhone Best experience ever It’s always a best time to own an iPhone 😍Don’t wait and grab the best deal according to your pocket.Special Thanks to Flipkart for amazing offers.READ MORE;;;;
Wonderful experienceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice camera  very well 😍😍READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone for who have size concern. Performance is very similar to iPhone 11. Battery is not as par expectations it’s typical iPhone battery.it’s consume more rapidly while mobile data is ON. Camera is value for money. Overall is good one from Apple. Nice to have this one in hand.READ MORE;;;;
Nice product I love the phone and delivery was also nice and safe.!READ MORE;;;;
Nice but battery performance very poorREAD MORE;;;;
Great  deal price and thanks to flipkart. it’s super fastREAD MORE;;;;
Look like IPhone 6Battery life literally poor Over all it is ok satiesfiedREAD MORE;;;;
best in classREAD MORE;;;;
Apple could have increased battery size.READ MORE;;;;
Best iPhone at this priceREAD MORE;;;;
The best in class phone. First ios phone after 8 years of android using. Battery is enough for doing basic task whole day.READ MORE;;;;
Best 👍🏻READ MORE;;;;
wow great experianceREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice productREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Only one issue that it exhausts a lot of net when connected to hotspot.READ MORE;;;;
Value for money with a little compromise on battery.READ MORE;;;;
Over all it is a good phone . There is about a hour difference between the iPhone XR and my iPhone se  battery life . Rear camera is just awesome but I am little bit disappointed with the front camera. Audio quality is excellent.READ MORE;;;;
Battery issue with handset. Overheating issue seen with charger and handset both. Apple customer care did some settings on handset and now it is working fine. Apple customer care told that by default many processes are running in background by default for various features which are not in use. They finally disabled default run of unwanted apps and now Battery backup improved and charger also not heating. I don't know why Apple is not looking in these issues which degrade the performance. Wors...READ MORE;;;;
Hi i have received my iPhone se highly recommendedREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks for the Service ProviderREAD MORE;;;;
Superb Colour and light phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product...but battery is average...thank you for Flipkart best offer price...READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome experience and get low cost..GET THIS PHONE IN BBD SALE.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
just a word awesome.......READ MORE;;;;
Ok reportREAD MORE;;;;
Best Offer from  Flipkart !!!READ MORE;;;;
Apple does the job !! The great phone easy to use  in one hand Easy to hold Battery lasts for the day The camera is performing well The colour is so premium As a apple user very much satisfied with this particular SE 2020 Fan of 🍎(PRODUCT) REDKudos apple 🍎READ MORE;;;;
Very good phone ..but if come from big display phone then getting problems to handle this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Everything thing was fine with the phone except battery and charger. It's nearly taking 2hr40mins to charge fully with 5w charger. It's better to provide 18w charger inthe box.READ MORE;;;;
Great mobile I purchased it for 25k Great mobile in this priceREAD MORE;;;;
good product & value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone. This is my first iOS experience and I’m loving it.READ MORE;;;;
Very very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone 😍❤️ my 1st iphone 🤙💋😘READ MORE;;;;
I got this on BBD sale Exhanged my one plus 5T and final price was 16600.Intial impressions it feels much like an Apple(premium)Perfectly fits in one hand and is very light.Performance is very smooth and can outrun the others in this price point**This has A13 bionic chip so dont compare with SD 865Battery - yes runs a lil on the lower side somewhere around 1800mah but enough for 8 hrs with moderate use.4G + hotspot it will run down to 2 n half - 3 hours. But thats okay once work from o...READ MORE;;;;
Just awesome!!!!READ MORE;;;;
Price range me better than others phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is too small and you should give at least 10watt chargerREAD MORE;;;;
A Phone with A13 Bionic with IOS 14 Especially on Flipkart Festival Sale is always unstoppableREAD MORE;;;;
NycREAD MORE;;;;
Nice and good looking phonREAD MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
Good item i bought it for 24750 in Flipkart sale so it was best deal for me sound and camera quality is great if you want to use Iphone and dont have enough budget to go for 40-50k mobiles i will say go for it.READ MORE;;;;
Super awesome fantastic dynamic I love it AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Got it 24750 wonderful for that priceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Great value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Good budget iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money...READ MORE;;;;
Iphone is iphone man and at the price of 24249 with latest processor and camera and  its amazing and you get the difference when you use itREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
all goodREAD MORE;;;;
Prompt and quick delivery as expected from FK.Keep up the good work. Product is genuine and secure. 👍READ MORE;;;;
Good and look sonREAD MORE;;;;
excellent phone must buy under 30 kREAD MORE;;;;
Delivery before time.... battery is weak.... else everything is awesome..... thumps up to small screen.... camera is good.Edit :- after a week usage now battery is really doing well.... giving me a day usage with 1 charge and some days 2.READ MORE;;;;
OsmREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Although I ain't a contrast colour kinda person but the red is so damn good that I couldn't stop myself.  Best phone ever according to value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect machine enclosed with the lates apple hardware on the cost effective phone.. must buyREAD MORE;;;;
It only lags in battery performance but overall best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Small monsterREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Great product by apple at this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice I phone batter than others thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Great 👌👌👌READ MORE;;;;
If you are thinking of buying this phone then my review will give you some honest advice. CAMERA:- The camera is just ok. I don't know why all the youtubers were saying that camera was excellent. I found it ok. The only great thing about the camera is that you can record 4k in 60fps.Display:- Display is not amoled. But you can never say that the display is poor. I even find it better than some of the amoled displays on mid range redmi and realme phones. But on full brightness you can feel...READ MORE;;;;
Good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Simply awesome and value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Best product and value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best apple product se2020READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Super duper hit phone 🤗😍❤️❤️❤️ but packaging is very very bad ☹️READ MORE;;;;
Go for this product without thinking anything.Before buying it i thought that battery performance is very bad but it is equal to iphone 11’s battery.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone for people who want a compact-sized phone.READ MORE;;;;
GudREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is the best.READ MORE;;;;
Thnq so much flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Red colour was awesome 👌 ..I am completely satisfied.I invest my money in right way .Thanks flipkart.💯🤣👍🙏READ MORE;;;;
Vey beautiful phone... all goodsREAD MORE;;;;
Very good product but delivery made delay and not met their prompted dateREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing  phone on this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
The delivery boy was awesome and very informative and cooperativeREAD MORE;;;;
good one.READ MORE;;;;
Good for minimal usage !READ MORE;;;;
Best mobileREAD MORE;;;;
I can just say this is mind blowing phone. I will highly recommend this to college students.READ MORE;;;;
Product iss very good also for pubg gamersREAD MORE;;;;
excellent product.READ MORE;;;;
Superb phone at its price.READ MORE;;;;
This phone is awesome buy this if u have small handREAD MORE;;;;
Great product.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best Buy in 2020READ MORE;;;;
Phone  is very good. But  put in charging it phone is ful hot  that one  thing's very  very bad. Others superb style. Slim. Not satisfying.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome price.. thank u FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
The best iphone everREAD MORE;;;;
No words............ just awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Best I phone in budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product at the price range in big billion days many people are saying battery backup is not good but nothing to expect from small battery go for androids those who are giving negative reviews about batteryREAD MORE;;;;
This mobile is for modest users dont expect gaming on this device and dont expect battrey to be heavy...its like iphone 8 and lasts for not more than 6 hrs if u prefer to have video call on whats app and 9 hrs of video playback for youtube .... good and awesome thing is the latest A13 processor u can have ultra smooth experience of phone ... i got this phone for 25 k on big billion days ..... and not forget to have armor case bcz its glass back i prefer spigen back which worth 1681/-READ MORE;;;;
Awesome 👍😊READ MORE;;;;
As always good productsREAD MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
Camera Very good battery good performance excellentREAD MORE;;;;
nice productREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
definitely awesome device Awesome performance And also camera Thanks to FLIPKARTREAD MORE;;;;
My first iphone. I love thisREAD MORE;;;;
Such a nice product.no any query about it.READ MORE;;;;
Worth phone with logical priceREAD MORE;;;;
I wanna thank to the Family of Flipkart regarding big billion daysIt’s my second iPhoneAnd I love this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome buy. First iPhone getting used to it. Loved the flawless performance.READ MORE;;;;
Cemara is very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Best value of money love this device and excellent performance after 14ios update battery also performe well excellent camera buy itREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone se 2020 build quality is super performance too good camera performance extremely nice battery ok descent normal usage one Day we expectREAD MORE;;;;
Really good.READ MORE;;;;
i like the product because of its size & fast process . The camera is also very good . If you want better you can download apps like FOODIE . it will take care of all your camera requirements of best in class . Only i do not have much know how of the battery as it is new . I hope the battery is good .READ MORE;;;;
Excellant mobile i bought in 26kREAD MORE;;;;
This is an amazing productREAD MORE;;;;
Worth for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
met the expectationsREAD MORE;;;;
The product is totally budget friendly.The camera is exceptional.Portrait modes are classy.Battery life is actually good for non gamers.The size of the phone is awesome.Totally loved it.Genuine Apple product.Would totally recommend it for daily users and non gamers.READ MORE;;;;
Best mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Best mobile for who likes the small phonesREAD MORE;;;;
Most advanced iphone at reasonable price..READ MORE;;;;
Just great camera And also have many potrait mode and filtersREAD MORE;;;;
Compact yet power packed. I wish apple had give us more battery backup to run this. Unfortunately below average battery backup. As i have an iphone 11 as my daily driver it withstands for a whole day compared to the SE.READ MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Purchased during Big Billion day sale. I always wished to use an apple iphone. Got it for a deal price with SBI card offer during the sale. Phone is good. Got an immediate IOS 14 update. No issues with the phone. Performance is good.READ MORE;;;;
Most interesting intelligence single camera 📸 Good soundOne hand use Smooth and very speedyREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome ... Many thanks to Flipkart ... Easy & Fast ...READ MORE;;;;
Good phone specially for those who are fond of iOS or Apple brand. Thank you FC for safe delivering on time.READ MORE;;;;
Good product first time I phone userREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent quality product as I expected 😸READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Tq so much flipkart giving the best price best productREAD MORE;;;;
Grea product from Apple.Nicely delivered by Flipkart at good price.READ MORE;;;;
No doubt best in classREAD MORE;;;;
I really thanks for flipkart....READ MORE;;;;
Owsm🖤🖤🖤READ MORE;;;;
Very nice and genuine product thank u flipcartREAD MORE;;;;
Unbeatable phone from apple.Compact and powerful!READ MORE;;;;
Wonderful phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Got a great deal on this iPhone. The battery backup is not that great but everything else is top notch.READ MORE;;;;
WorthyREAD MORE;;;;
Lovely 🌹🌹🌹READ MORE;;;;
Simply Best ❤READ MORE;;;;
Everything is perfectly fine except the battery.READ MORE;;;;
Hello thank youREAD MORE;;;;
All is good but charging performance badREAD MORE;;;;
Worth money absolutely loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Good..for normal user...handyREAD MORE;;;;
I was using 1st generation iPhone se and I upgraded to 2nd generation. The performance of this iPhone is much more improved than the previous generation. You can definitely go with it if you are ok with small size screen.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent phone in budget. Overall it's a great deal with flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
My Favourite IPhone SE Black Wow It’s Awesome mobileREAD MORE;;;;
nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
All good but battery life very badREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice productREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Grt iPhone at an very good price only from best online seller FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
This product is way better then i expected it to behere are some key stuffs that i like in this product 1- performance is much ahead then other phones in this range2- operating system ( ios14) no bloatware clean UI3- camera it obvious 4- speaker are pretty loud and crisp to5-vibration motor(taptic engine) is way more superior then other flagships 6- compact design that fits to palm easily  most important battery is not as bad as shown on review videos on youtube  it's last for a whol...READ MORE;;;;
1st ever iphone & it's mind-blowing absolutely loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome deal. Nice product. Thanks Flipkart for strengthening our faith in you.READ MORE;;;;
Superb phone all 4.7 starsREAD MORE;;;;
Nice...READ MORE;;;;
Very good feelingREAD MORE;;;;
FabulousREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is the best But one day it was late to be delivered by the way thank you FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Sexyyyyyyy🔥🔥READ MORE;;;;
Worth to buy..compact and lightweight with seamless performance. Superb processor battery can sustain if you use fairly and don't keep unnecessary apps which runs in backgroundREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice and handy mobile.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks you flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Main or blem of draning battery in fast manner.. But this could be negated by using battery charging case if required..However overall experisnce is awesome with this device.Thanks to flip kart which made us to buy this device in such an imaginary price... Thanks a lots bbd..READ MORE;;;;
its  a little beastREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone and its camera is marvelousREAD MORE;;;;
very very good productREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is batter except batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Great experienceREAD MORE;;;;
It's awesome.... don't believe in fake gossips..... jusst go for it....READ MORE;;;;
Great For phone this value and fast delivery by flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Qute & gud phone..READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneValue for money Got it for 23800READ MORE;;;;
Very happy just loving it👍READ MORE;;;;
I got this mobile @ big billion day only 24750/- it's really amazing product with A13 cheap set.. I m really thinking of flipkart..!! I love Apple & ios14READ MORE;;;;
nice phone in this price i got at 24250 rs.READ MORE;;;;
Gud product......... value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
good conditionREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Osm phoneREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is very bad. But Camera And performance are beastREAD MORE;;;;
Received genuine product..but Flipkart should improvedelivering of products.READ MORE;;;;
Very good product thank u flipcartREAD MORE;;;;
nyc productsREAD MORE;;;;
I like it very muchREAD MORE;;;;
Best to buyREAD MORE;;;;
Good very good Mobile 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻READ MORE;;;;
Excellent customer service by Flipkart my order have a small technical issues . But they solve my problem with in 48hrREAD MORE;;;;
Very amazing phone.battery backup is also good. Wonderful purchase.READ MORE;;;;
Thanks flipkart to provide premium phone at very affordable price.READ MORE;;;;
I love it specially its camera and perfomanceREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone loved this size very handy black color Fast processors Battery is small in capacity but very good battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
Value of moneyDelivery on timeREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product by apple...READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Happy🤗🤗🤗READ MORE;;;;
My first iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice phone 👌🏻READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
This rate has a great advantage  superb👌👌READ MORE;;;;
Thanku flipkart the best phone in best prizeREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent service and all looks good.READ MORE;;;;
Whatever you need is in this phone. From the best camera to the best performance you’ll love this phone. If you don’t have any issue with the size you must go for it.READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
It’s amazing phoneREAD MORE;;;;
That’s excellent. Nice phone for those who wana switch from android to apple.Excellent camera. I appreciate flipkart service also.its so good.after about one month I feel it is so excellent performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Fast delivery by agentREAD MORE;;;;
good productREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone and value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice oneREAD MORE;;;;
All good but battery problemREAD MORE;;;;
Neat look and amazing experience with ios again.READ MORE;;;;
NoiceREAD MORE;;;;
No words to tell simple awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Iphon is enough and iphon SE 2020 best of the yearREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice colour & performance superREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
nice phone quick deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Nyc cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Delivered on time. Great deal with the Flipkart offer. Thanks!READ MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
A fantastic phone for everyone but if you are a heavy user then you must think of the batteryREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
phone is amazing 💖thanks to flipkart for speed delivery 🚚READ MORE;;;;
Ok good productREAD MORE;;;;
Best iphone with A13 bionic chip.READ MORE;;;;
Worth every penny at 26k.READ MORE;;;;
I love i phone se very good phone camera quality is very good. I love this phone❤READ MORE;;;;
those who need great performance phone with a compact small display with average battery backup then i highly recomend this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Super pricing High speed deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome feeling good 😊☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️READ MORE;;;;
Apple=The bestREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product 👍READ MORE;;;;
Delivered on time but the seller should add more safety for the mobile as it could have damaged the phone. Rest all was excellent and phone is also genuine.READ MORE;;;;
Superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Apple Performance in 4.7 inch Touch Id with Superb Flipcart & their offers👌🏻✨ Great Deal till 5G launch in India.READ MORE;;;;
M daam happy to have this product it is looking soo sexy Thankyou so much flipkart for the big billion days sale😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🧿READ MORE;;;;
I got this at 29k on big billion day 128gb.. go for it super performanceREAD MORE;;;;
SE iphone price lived up to expectationsREAD MORE;;;;
It’s Amazing...Such a value for ‘Money’...!!READ MORE;;;;
Best iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product with super serviceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks Flipkart for amazing deal. I got this phone at 24249 in big billion days sale. Very good phone at the price I got.READ MORE;;;;
over all goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good Product. Value for the money.READ MORE;;;;
Nice amazing in budget qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Sexy look and smart runningREAD MORE;;;;
I love iPhone and this performance is betterREAD MORE;;;;
Oh man!!! Just loved it.Red colour 😍😍😍Brilliant performance and everythingREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best in the segment.(Coming from a 5.5 inch android Samsung phone to this in 2020)READ MORE;;;;
Excellent build quality.Highly user-friendly software.Value for money  I love the  light and soft feel of the deviceREAD MORE;;;;
SplendidREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Phone I am Happy For That Thank you FlipcartREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone love itREAD MORE;;;;
this is my first iphone really worth the price and i have never seen such phone in my life.....really what a amazing device its just magicalREAD MORE;;;;
A great deal on BBD😍😍lv u Flipkart 😘😘😘READ MORE;;;;
I’ve always loved apple products cause of their performance and usability. All this for a lot cheaper price just makes it better.READ MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone but battery problemREAD MORE;;;;
Magnificent phone with compact and comfortable with hand ..Pros..Cameras 👌Performance 🥳Design and build😍Cons..Charging time is not good(takes approx 2.30 hrs) which is bad😐Battery🔋backup which could be good but its average.😑If you are thinking of buying yourself an iPhone within budget.. its a   must buy 🤩👌READ MORE;;;;
Overall perfomance is good but battery capacity could be improved.READ MORE;;;;
Osm mobile phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone but could have much better😀😀READ MORE;;;;
Best buy for those who have average 4-6 hours of screen time. Battery will last for more than 12 hours without gaming!READ MORE;;;;
White Color option is not that satisfyingREAD MORE;;;;
high performance  smartphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice Performance Lowest priceREAD MORE;;;;
Performance | Camera | Design | Size 🔥 🔋saving techniques should be done in settingsREAD MORE;;;;
aswm productREAD MORE;;;;
Awsome Product 😍READ MORE;;;;
This mobile performance is best in class.READ MORE;;;;
Thank You Flipkart and Seller.Received the product in just a day.Everything was great though I was scared in the beginning whether the product is genuine or not..Purchased it in extremely good price.READ MORE;;;;
Value for money 💰 deviceREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing camera and the only drawback is lil bit little screen otherwise outstanding performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Super value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice Product. this is my fist iPhone.ThanksREAD MORE;;;;
Purchased for Mom got it for Rs 25500!!! Best deal I guess this iphone is perfect not like large iphones go for it without a doubt Beautiful body and camera worth the hype!!READ MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
I really liked this. Because of the performance and camera. I got this at the time of offer so it's worth to buy when u get offer.I am just not happy with battery otherwise it's a complete package .READ MORE;;;;
Best iPhone ever small size big performance ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Best option in 26kREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome! Thats itREAD MORE;;;;
Got it 26k on big billion de an it nice small cute phone with a less battery capacity.  Make sure to have a power bank if you are using it vigorously.READ MORE;;;;
Nice product Flipkart given a best discount Nice serviceREAD MORE;;;;
Superb product at affordable priceREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone in this price range ..Best camera settings and photos are very clear. Display is very great .speakers are also very good display is best and looks very clean In the End that's Only For which am waiting I-Phone.READ MORE;;;;
Best phone in this price range ..Best camera settings and photos are very clear. Display is very great .speakers are also very good display is best and looks very clean In the End that's Only For which am waiting I-Phone.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product 30999/- price in 128GB Apple SE 2020 with 13 ios 4K video cam.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
The only reason to shift to apple was the price at which I got this deal but I am happy with the way apple works and the best nd only part to buy this model was the size. I have been using big and moderately large size phones and have had sever pain issues due to constant use.. This is far better than those heavy and wide phones. May be it will help me ease the pain too.READ MORE;;;;
very nice .READ MORE;;;;
Overall good product within the low priceREAD MORE;;;;
Overall a good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome camera and good looking.. Handy and value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first iPhone and my experience with this is amazingREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
I love this product RED 😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Very nice product must buy ones🎉🎉🎉🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
Well I am wry this after using this for a couple of days.... go for it if you want performance and camera . Battery is a bit low... but not that much its okay if you dont use your phone frequently or for gaming.... switching from android was a bit difficult for me.... but once you get used to iOS there is no going back.READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Wow Great Performance Great Buy in BBD sale fast delivery by flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome device I like it.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome iPhone at this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Day light camera is excellentREAD MORE;;;;
I was very sceptic before buying iPhone SE. Heard that Battery has an issue. You need to charge 2 to 3 times a day. I would say Battery is not that Bad. Although I am not a very heavy user. However on the other side if seen in terms of digital wellness it is better to use any mobile phone as per need. Next coming to camera must say this tiny handy bomb has good a very impressive camera features the photos are very clear and video recording has great stability. No doubt I loved the phone and v...READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone super fast delivery and super awesome deal . Thank you Flipkart you rock👌🎉🎊READ MORE;;;;
IPhone gifted to my mother she so happy thank you to Flipkart regarding presenting good offerREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice and good small screen size phone thank you Flipkart for prompt delivery serviceREAD MORE;;;;
Display is good and speed of performance is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is good.. Only downside is battery and camera is not that good compared to other options in this segmentREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Nothing then awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is fine except batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product. only battery backup is not upto the markREAD MORE;;;;
Got this phone 128 gb model around 28k. One of the Best mobile in budget for apple lovers. But just remember screen size is very smallREAD MORE;;;;
Great Picture qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Made in India IPhone very good design and camera is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
God productREAD MORE;;;;
I like Flipkart shoping...Because no any disturbance this plateform.READ MORE;;;;
Nice 👍READ MORE;;;;
value for move very niceREAD MORE;;;;
I M LUCKY TO HAVE WONDERFUL DEAL AT JUST 24249 RS I GIFTED TO DAD REALLY LOVED THIS THANKS TO FLIPKART.READ MORE;;;;
Great pREAD MORE;;;;
Good Mobile.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
In one word I love apple products 🍎READ MORE;;;;
Awesome MobileREAD MORE;;;;
Great deal. Awesome phone. It has heart of iPhone 11pro. Very compact and handy.  Look awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Nothing beats the IphonrREAD MORE;;;;
Superb camera good battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
Compact phone with good camera and overall performance. Only issue is battery backup. It drains even in idle state with no apps installed.READ MORE;;;;
Its an amazing phone very handy and features are awsomeREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Best iphone for freshersREAD MORE;;;;
Best mobileREAD MORE;;;;
All it’s about is performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome performance but battery performance is poorREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product by apple This is a mini iphone 11 Perfomance is outstandingREAD MORE;;;;
No doubt it is one of the most powerful devices right now. Camera is good. Battery life is ok not good. It will last you a day if you use it casually for normal phone calls and social media. Very good camera. It is not a device for long youtube and game play session. Compact and powerful ! 👌 Liked it.READ MORE;;;;
Awsm phn...READ MORE;;;;
This is a power pack for moderate users..unbelievableREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone. I got it within 2 days irrespective of negative impact on battery. Been using for hoirs now and its only at 97%.READ MORE;;;;
Nice mobile worth of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Such a beautiful phone with great camera and ui.iOS 14 update received immediately. Battery is fine for me since i am not a gamer.We will get One day battery life if we use this phone normally and half day for gamers. But that is not a big issue as mentioned by so many people.Camera is like a dslr camera with a worthy portrait mode. Since this my first apple device and a upgrade from Android i loved this product so much.People who are planning to upgrade from Android ecosystem to iOS platform...READ MORE;;;;
Best phone with price segment of 26000READ MORE;;;;
Perfect phone. Nice performance. No issue with battery as it can last for full day with moderate usage. iOS 14 is fantastic.READ MORE;;;;
All function  are good but its mine mistake lack of Battery its ok nice price and best phone.....and amazing best deal by flipkart...... Thats why i love shopping in flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Good iphone in this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
SupabREAD MORE;;;;
Screen is small.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent phone with excellent offer from FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Goo productREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
best i can getREAD MORE;;;;
OSM phoneREAD MORE;;;;
If you are reading this review just go for it. Don’t listen anyone. Thank you Flipkart and SuperComNet. 🔥READ MORE;;;;
Just amazing ☺️☺️READ MORE;;;;
Value for Money !Great device would recommend it if you are not an heavy gamerIt is a device for someone who doesnt want to change phone every year or two apple will give upadate for longer timeConclusion:If you dont mind the small scree and not a heavy user go for it Flipkart delivery service very badREAD MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
Very good at an affordable price buy it now itself you won't regret itREAD MORE;;;;
Best mobile at lowest price.😎READ MORE;;;;
Thanks Flipkart for faster delivery and providing this phone at 25000( such a low price). This is my first apple phone and I am in love with it. Everything is best at price range except battery backup. It hardly lasts a day with moderate usage. Otherwise performance wise it's awesome. I am having good time with myphone i.e. iPhone.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome 👍 camera quality mind blowing 👍👍 thanks Flipkart for big billion discountREAD MORE;;;;
It’s very nice phone..camera is very good. Performance is best in ever class..battery is average.. but this handy piece looks awesome n I love this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone I m very happy for my first I phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone received within time.READ MORE;;;;
Good ProductREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Valuable product.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone at this price .READ MORE;;;;
Display is like night mode screenREAD MORE;;;;
Battery would have been much better. Good phone as a secondary device.READ MORE;;;;
Fantastic phone thx FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Fantastic ..😎😍READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
On time delivery. Nice experience.READ MORE;;;;
Thank you flipkart for this amazing deal❤READ MORE;;;;
Good Product enjoy to operate this ..... bought 24KREAD MORE;;;;
I have a battery issueREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
thank u flipkart for this big billion sale i love iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
worthyREAD MORE;;;;
It's a nice product should buyREAD MORE;;;;
Nice but battery backup 4 hoursREAD MORE;;;;
Superb👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Using iOs for the first time and it feels awesome. Got it on Bbd. worth the money.READ MORE;;;;
Product is very good ...READ MORE;;;;
Excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
Good packing and quick deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Well in starting i was very confused to buy it in sale because of scams but my experience in this sale is amazing till now.I have ordered lot of products and this was one of them.Happy with the phone as Now they sending Indian units of iphones.READ MORE;;;;
d best phone on this priceREAD MORE;;;;
VERY GOODREAD MORE;;;;
GreatREAD MORE;;;;
Shifting from android to ios is an awesome experience touch is much better than any smartphone  i battery is ok .look is premium .front camera is ok back camera is far better than any quad or 64mp camera phone ...go for itREAD MORE;;;;
The battery is draining quickly.READ MORE;;;;
Looking goodREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone ❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
Delivery was fast.Got 1 year warranty. Cameras are pretty good in daylight. Battery doesn't seem a big issue .It does feel a bit small.READ MORE;;;;
I was apprehensive about ordering on Flipkart fearing that I may receive a defective product or fraud issue. The big billion day sale gave me an excellent offer and I reluctantly ordered on cod. After receiving the package and using the phone since past 2 days I am relieved.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent product.....READ MORE;;;;
Very Excellent conditionREAD MORE;;;;
Just awsomeREAD MORE;;;;
i don't think i need to write here bcoz the name is enough APPLEREAD MORE;;;;
Good iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Only issue is with battery you'll get 5 hours of screen on time with location and mobile data turned on Camera is excellent especially video Performance it's wicked fast Don't have a headphones jack 🙄Solid build quality Touch I'd is good Don't have a problem with bezels you get used to it Speakers are good call quality is excellent Is does have ip67 rating but not covered under warranty 👎Bought white color and loves it still rating 5 Go for it you won't regret buying.READ MORE;;;;
Great deal from Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Great phone...size is so perfect..And performance far batter than androidREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone for budgetREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Go for it as a secondary phone specially if you love small phoneREAD MORE;;;;
My first IPHONE !!! happy.. thank you flipkart for super offer. like to carry small size phone only. Red color awesom.READ MORE;;;;
Very good phone.. one of the best and pocket friendlyREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
Chota packet bada dhamka...good phone for short people or peoples who like small phone.got it for 24750READ MORE;;;;
I love you flipkart..  Really iPhone se is very sexy smart phoneREAD MORE;;;;
You can just show off with this no doubt about itREAD MORE;;;;
genuine product by flipkart got it in 1 day.READ MORE;;;;
Fabulous productsREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing productREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone❤️READ MORE;;;;
Best budget smart phone.But battery is worse than expected. Still for an average user it's one of the best.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent keep goingREAD MORE;;;;
Worth it!!READ MORE;;;;
Ther performance is very good but the mobile is getting very hot and the battery run out very quickly.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile great buy for the budget I got it in the sale for 24k which is best of the best got it for my mom she is super happy. A cool device to use and keep your privacy at top notch thank you flip kartREAD MORE;;;;
best phone at 26000 rsREAD MORE;;;;
iphone SE is excellent brand new - manufactured in September 2020. The deal in flipkart is good. Initial feedback - is happy and satisfied customer. Will have to wait and see the performance.READ MORE;;;;
Very nice and most awaited phone of the 2020..  prompt delivery by flip kart thanksREAD MORE;;;;
Great phoneAmazing camera!READ MORE;;;;
Great purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone i ever had tillREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone camera awesome display small but goodREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is best but it should be 6 inches. Thank you Flipcart.READ MORE;;;;
Simply just Awesome...my first iPhone experience so good..I got this awesome phone just 25 kREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome 📱👈Iphone SE 2nd Generation (2020)READ MORE;;;;
super mobileREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Better than iPhone 11 Compact yet powerful performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
AlllREAD MORE;;;;
Amezing product.. fast delivery....READ MORE;;;;
Value for money productREAD MORE;;;;
Good performanceREAD MORE;;;;
A bit big on form factor size while upgrading fromSE 1 which is last true to iPhone design . Is bit difficult to handle with one hand but Overall a good.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing it’s best you can buy it there is no fraud or something and by the way the camera is op and from my op u know i play pubg and its extremely best gaming performance 👌. But the screen is little bit smaller but its op 😁 . And the video quality is best and sound quality is amazing 😎READ MORE;;;;
excellentREAD MORE;;;;
Love this cute phoneREAD MORE;;;;
The best IPHONE ever😘😘😘😘😘😘READ MORE;;;;
In sale price it’s worthwhile. Trust me you won’t disappoint unless you are bezel less lover.Who ever is worrying about battery than I would like to assure you it won’t be a problem.READ MORE;;;;
Superb 👌👌👌READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Good product but battery is very badREAD MORE;;;;
Selfie camera and battery seems to be a bit average but rest all is😱😱😱😱READ MORE;;;;
Nice.🔥READ MORE;;;;
Very good product......A bit difficult to operate initially but later on when u be used to it.....it's just awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone in this price. Only compromise battery back up otherwise it is best. My friend ordered this @47000 before couple of month but I ordered this @31000. Thanks to Flipkart for this offer.READ MORE;;;;
Best  iPhone for new iOS usersREAD MORE;;;;
THANKS YOU SUPERCOMNET/FLIPKARTREAD MORE;;;;
In love with this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Worth it!READ MORE;;;;
loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Great productREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone SE 128 GB for 27999 (after 3K discount) is a value for money purchase. Battery backup is not that good. This is for someone who can live with big beezels but want to try Apple product at a cheaper price. Other than battery everything is perfect about this mobile.READ MORE;;;;
Best value for money!! I got this iphone just 26000READ MORE;;;;
I got 128 GB version of iphone SE 2020 in big billion sale. Surprised to know that Iphone 7 and 8 are costlier than SE! It has got superior chipset with no lag . iphone 11 has the same chipset. people looking for classy and handy product can go for it. Winner handsdown in price range of 25-30K.Smaller phones still are the BEST!!READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone battery pack up not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Extraordinary phone! Those who got used to a big screen may find little difficult to use this phone. Apart from this excellent product from Apple. Big thumbs upREAD MORE;;;;
No more talking apple is awesome and Flipkart delivery is also fastREAD MORE;;;;
Really super. such a good product. I love my phone. Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is worst .rest all is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Only one issue battery performance very very bad hopefully software update after much better battery performance but over all awesome packageREAD MORE;;;;
Beautiful phone and it is very good to hold. Perfect descendant of iPhone se 2016.READ MORE;;;;
Best iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best iPhone everREAD MORE;;;;
Compact Size.Super duper  i OS.READ MORE;;;;
Very happyREAD MORE;;;;
Performance beastREAD MORE;;;;
It's My second iPhone After 5c Actually it feels amazing and battery is much greater than my asus Zenfone 5z 3000 mah .It last me about a day and a half and I am surprised literally.Every Thing is Top Notch even hd screen feels like amoled 2k display. Only One thing to Say Just Awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Sexy phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very very nice i love Apple IOSREAD MORE;;;;
The handset is excellent...But the power adapter is just 5W in the box even when it supports 18W .READ MORE;;;;
It's my first iPhoneAwesome cameraAwesome performanceAnd awesome size 🥰🥰🥰 loved itAnd battery is also good And i got itWith adaptor and earphones🥳READ MORE;;;;
Happy with the performance and look and feel of the phone 👍READ MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Very good performance with good size in handREAD MORE;;;;
Great Product.READ MORE;;;;
Superb  👍READ MORE;;;;
satisfied product  I'm so happy 🔥😍READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
worth the money. it's pretty small but very cute 💜READ MORE;;;;
Value for MoneyREAD MORE;;;;
Best upgrade from old SE to this new 2020 SE. No other phones can come closer. The build quality seems to be awesome and camera quality is adequate both on primary and secondary. There is lot of speculation around battery life but I haven't experienced anything yet since its just a week old.Rest all as per regular Apple product and you don't feel anywhere that this is a low budget phone from Apple.READ MORE;;;;
What a phone. First time using i phoneREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Best cell phone of the yearREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice mobile and the delivery boy was so pleasantREAD MORE;;;;
superREAD MORE;;;;
Pros:1. 4k experience is amazing2. A13 bionic chip performance 3. Compact and handyCons:1. Battery backup is average2. Display size is only 4.7 inchBut in this price range this is the phone u want.READ MORE;;;;
Very good looking..READ MORE;;;;
Best Mobile for I Phone loversREAD MORE;;;;
very nice PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product only corn is  battery otherwise it is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Great experience by flipkart. 100% original product. Superfast delivery. And 200% customer supportive app.READ MORE;;;;
Nice product....❤️READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone very handy.  Bit expensive for the size of display it offers. I prefer small screen phone it works best for meREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
What to say man😍😍😍 awsome phone🥰🥰🥰READ MORE;;;;
Its a beast in small sizeREAD MORE;;;;
Ordered in flipkart big billion sale.Received within 3 days which was earlier that expected.iPhone SE is the best affordable iPhone in the market.Worth every penny.READ MORE;;;;
Absolute beast!!!!Performance is top notch. Camera is flagship level. Haptic touch is amazing. Worth every single penny. Battery is OK but if we play games we get less than 6 hours of screen time but when we use normal apps it will give 1 day easily.It is lightweight easy to hold (if u have a case). Charging speed is very slow. Its gets full charged in 2 hours.Overall it is worth buyingREAD MORE;;;;
What can say about I phone. Only thing is that battery should be bigger. Rest everything is best in class.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone overallREAD MORE;;;;
Its a good purchase i got this at 25999 what a beauty! Red!!READ MORE;;;;
small screenthick bezelslow batteryyetnice displayaverage camerafast processorsuperfast fingerprint sensorwelcome to iphone SE 2020READ MORE;;;;
Best budget phone ever 28K!!!!!READ MORE;;;;
one good thing of year2020READ MORE;;;;
Nice product quick dilvery by flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Heavy performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Sooo goodREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Osm  productREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is totally beast....without any second thought buy this amazing phone....this is my first iPhone and I am totally excited and emotional for this...OMG what a feeling to unbox a iPhone I really love that..Allover this phone is great but the real issue is battery don’t much big issue but battery drain is totally acceptable with this price....so plz buy it......READ MORE;;;;
Nice and decent .if want compact phone go for itREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
All good But bateery drain fastly But performance is very goodIgot it for 26kREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money!!!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile...value for moneyGo for itREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
It's great 😊READ MORE;;;;
Great power.... Good in budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Superb in this price range of 24750READ MORE;;;;
AverageREAD MORE;;;;
❤️Only issue is with battery capacity Otherwise performance camera design everything superb.. it feels premium in handREAD MORE;;;;
the real compact beast compared to my other phones one plus 8 and note 20 ultra.I would describe it in one phrase “tony stark” in “ironman suit”READ MORE;;;;
Everything was great but there was a delayREAD MORE;;;;
This is truly a good product.Camera is goodPerformance is best.Display is goodBattery runs only 7 hours as per my daily usage. They might have increased battery capacity bit more.READ MORE;;;;
I'm a hardcore android user but holding Iphone after using android....another level of satisfaction.Highly recommended ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Very GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect phone for daily tasks. I got it at amazing price of 24k in the sale. The reliability of Apple iOS and its optimised hardware works really well. Nothing is bad about this phone. The looks are so premium it feels awesome to hold everytime you step out. Just go for it without any second thoughts if you are getting a good deal on this.READ MORE;;;;
Best in iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good camera nd sizeREAD MORE;;;;
Best apple time in bbd..in 28k its in budget and with a13 chip its the fastest phone after iphone 12.READ MORE;;;;
Awsome product by Flipkart☺️READ MORE;;;;
i got this mobile next day after booking.great camera excellent performance i love this mobile❤️READ MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Tiny Beast at 24849 during Big billion days + HDFC deal. Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Such an amazing phone...worth buying ❣❣👍READ MORE;;;;
NicREAD MORE;;;;
Feels premium in hand .Red color iphone is asm.Best for only to use this iphone for call & camera purpose only.( That's the reason I still having my android phone with me)Overall a premium phone jst love the design.But thanks to BBD for making its price so cheap that every one dream of buying a iphone at low price come true. Jst for 25k can't believe for this beast in this range.READ MORE;;;;
Good to having worth  phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone.READ MORE;;;;
Totally satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Absolutely brilliant feels really premium.READ MORE;;;;
Value for Money 💵💵💵💵READ MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Thanku flipcart 🙏🏻🙏🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻😘READ MORE;;;;
Super phoneREAD MORE;;;;
ThankssREAD MORE;;;;
Flipkart save my money and time also best products brand new with great price I'll buy the new iphone se 2020 128 gbREAD MORE;;;;
My first purchased of iphone i m excited to see this .READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
best in bussinesssREAD MORE;;;;
Small beast 💪READ MORE;;;;
Superb phone with superb specifications...brilliant camera performanceREAD MORE;;;;
I had iphone 7 And iphone SE is identical to iphone 7 in terms of body but features are amazing. Best camera and portrait shots are amazing too.Fully satisfied with iphone SE 2020READ MORE;;;;
Slick and sexy..!READ MORE;;;;
Nothing better at this price.....camera is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Just go head u be more future compare to 5s and iPhone 11 equality battery backup also good then old 5s nice look evenREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone but battery life is not that good.. rest all awesome.. just unsatisfied with battery..drain fast for daily useREAD MORE;;;;
Just awesome PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Except the battery everything is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing 😍READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile is good but Flipkart delivery is too slow and not accurateREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone Loving itIt gives a premium feel😍🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩READ MORE;;;;
Good product nice 🤩😘😘🥰READ MORE;;;;
Thanks Flipkart buy this product againREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very gud productREAD MORE;;;;
Very good  iam so happy to this praiseREAD MORE;;;;
Beautiful mobileWorth moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone best camera phone best video quality average batteryREAD MORE;;;;
❤️good oneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone good luckilyREAD MORE;;;;
Best price and best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you so much for fulfilling my dream very early thank you so muchREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice phone and great work ..READ MORE;;;;
Very nice productsREAD MORE;;;;
Really osm products by apple and delivered by Flipkart 😀READ MORE;;;;
It's Awesome.........READ MORE;;;;
Smooth and sleek phone with awesome featuresREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone best value for money don’t hesitate to take itREAD MORE;;;;
very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone with a great price..READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
As expected good quality and on time deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone wd handy size I phone 11 processorREAD MORE;;;;
Good so farREAD MORE;;;;
I love Apple products 😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Awesome mind blowing productREAD MORE;;;;
What a great buy with the perfect price point. The mini version is just awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Phone is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Great phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Osm phone very fast processorREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent ... Quick Delivery... FLIPKART Always ... 5 Star.... Rating.... Keep it up 🙂READ MORE;;;;
Awesome productApple is the best .....READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone with nice features. If u have this much budget u can go for it and can be very happy with this phone. Iam a big fan of apple so I bought this because it is a small size  Nd handy phone. Thanks @apple & @flipkart for always supporting and getting us offers.😊🤓👍🏻READ MORE;;;;
fantastic phone if u are not free all day because battery is not for hardcore user  for casually usage  this is good phone really blazing performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Small and handy phoneI got it for 25249/- worth the moneyLove it!READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phone . I got it at 24720rupessREAD MORE;;;;
BestREAD MORE;;;;
Got Superb deal @ 24740 rsWorth for money..READ MORE;;;;
Though old design bit someone who likes that form factor and a compact vintage apple design but also want to have performance same of the latest iphone 11 pro max and also a quality product then do buy this phone.READ MORE;;;;
Very good design but the screen size is relatively too smallREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phone but battery backup is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
bestREAD MORE;;;;
It is a best phone in all over worldREAD MORE;;;;
Camera is good ... processor is good ... as usual battery issue remain with apple .. latest version of iOSREAD MORE;;;;
Pretty smooth aestheticsREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product and overall awesome performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Overall performance is goodBt I am disappointed with the battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
I am a first time iPhone user. I've been using android since Android 2.3. I'm still using Android through Samsung Galaxy Note 8 as my primary phone.So my review should help any prospective iPhone users to make the right decision.Overall summary - A good phone to begin your iPhone experience. I bought it during BBD festival offer & for the phone for Rs28000 after discount. No I didn't exchange any phone for it. Ordered on Thursday night around 11pm. Phone delivered Saturday afternoon. Pr...READ MORE;;;;
Got a very good deal for this Iphone. Thank You to Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
loved this.READ MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
genuine productREAD MORE;;;;
A quality productREAD MORE;;;;
Pros:CameraA13 Bionic chipiOSHandy phoneCons:Small screen size(if you’re okay with it then there will be no cons)READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
I loved this phone. Got it for 24249 on the sale. And on that price it is best value for money. But coming from large screen Android it seems small. That is not an issue as it will be comfortable upon usage.And battery will 1day for average users but for heavy users you need to charge twice a day.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent . An extraordinary phone for an lite userREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone👍📞🤳📳READ MORE;;;;
Super slim budget phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent value for money in today’s smartphone world if you like the Apple way of doing phones. Top processor and excellent camera along with iOS. This phone will last long.READ MORE;;;;
Fully satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome experience 2 days delivery plus great experienceREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money.Bought it for 24970 INR from big billion days and which I feel is great value for money.Also this is my secondary phone. I just wanted iphone because I have an iPad and MacBook Pro and was planning to buy an Apple watch hence necessity was to have atleast an entry level iPhone.But after using this for a few days I feel like I might buy a bigger size phone after a year from Apple. If you are buying it for more than 26 or 27k then you are wasting your money. I use Samsung ...READ MORE;;;;
Awesome 😊👍READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product Thank you flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Great for money...READ MORE;;;;
Product is good but the nature of delivery boy was not acceptable as he was made up with his mind that not to take the phone & to reject with one two minimal scratches & those because of cover as the condition of phone was superb as he knew it that we won't sent the phone back so he rejected the phone & told us to cancel the phone or to given the money instead rejecting phone so I was happy with the phone I just provided 5 star to it & will provide 1 star to the service & the delivery boy.READ MORE;;;;
Ok goodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome services flipcart . Very good phone 👍READ MORE;;;;
I love iPhone this is my second iPhone the first one is apple se 2016 gold colour Nd NW apple se 2020 whiteREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect phone Get a battery about 6 hours screen time . And enough for a day . Camera is totally awesome.READ MORE;;;;
nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Absolutely worth every penny..😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Low batterySmall displayRemaining all gudREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome ✨🌟💫❤️READ MORE;;;;
Thanks for the great deal Flipkart!READ MORE;;;;
NicephoneREAD MORE;;;;
ImpressiveREAD MORE;;;;
A big thumbs up!!READ MORE;;;;
Great❤️READ MORE;;;;
I got Iphone se only in 24250 rs. I'm totally happy with this phone. In this price it's totally great phone great deal. I have ordered 4 IPhone SE.READ MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
great deal...iPhone se is better than iPhone xr. I used 10years continuously Samsung various mobile..but this time my best friend suggest I go for buy iphone and now I realise he is good with his suggestion....when u hold iPhone and their products u feel like something else...READ MORE;;;;
Great productREAD MORE;;;;
Gaming beast for pubg.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome camera and performance My first iPhone 🥰🥰 thank you Flipkart Must buy!!READ MORE;;;;
Good productAWESOME SPEEDREAD MORE;;;;
Aswam Performance...READ MORE;;;;
Very nice phone. we can use phone in single hand. got it for 25249 after discount. its very good phone under 30k price range. Upgraded from 6s to this. This phone charge pretty fast using 18w charger.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
So goodREAD MORE;;;;
😘apple always be  number #1 no one ☝️can  beat it✅Love ❤️ apples and iphoneIosQuality All great thanks to A13 bioNic chip 🍟READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
its iPhone! lol! what's else do u need!READ MORE;;;;
Excellent service by flipkart. Extreme thanks to entire team including delivery boy. Phone is simply superb in amazing price.READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Love u Flipkart💕💕💕READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing deal with Flipkart thank you so muchREAD MORE;;;;
It is very nice phone and in sale under 30k.it is fantastic phone but it..READ MORE;;;;
Performance is best. Only the negative point is the battery backup is as same as other iPhone models. Camera is awesome. Size is perfect.READ MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Great phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best deal ever😊😊READ MORE;;;;
Excellent product by Apple I'm truly satisfied with product.READ MORE;;;;
Got for 26k during bbd and its awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Awsome 🔥READ MORE;;;;
Best compact phone⚡️READ MORE;;;;
awesome phone!!!READ MORE;;;;
awesome ✌️👍READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone. Whole new experience but bettry is very low. It can be your 1st iPhone.READ MORE;;;;
One of the best phones in this price range.And very fast delivery from flipkart 👏🏻READ MORE;;;;
Performance is awesome.Good camera really loved it. Battery capacity should have been more then this should have been one of the best phone. I got it in flipkart sale for 24249 which is truly value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Super mobile Hard processorBest designNice camera & ios 14  Smooth performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is good as per its size. I get full day backup for my use. 4k is terrific and awesome. Disabling few setting gives good battery backup. Check YouTube videos for that. Charger and earphones were available for me. Received made in india product.READ MORE;;;;
Got This Nice Phone In A Pretty Good Deal... Thank you Flipkart!!!READ MORE;;;;
Mind blowingREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing...READ MORE;;;;
Value for money but bettery is not too good it has only battery problem and screen is perfect many peoples say about my phone screen size but i cant hear because i know chota pack bada dhamakaREAD MORE;;;;
Best camera qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Best in the businessREAD MORE;;;;
Best deal.READ MORE;;;;
ThanksREAD MORE;;;;
In one word phone is awesome in this price and camera lovers its good for them..its having latest A13 is processor with image processing..READ MORE;;;;
I love this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Gud jobREAD MORE;;;;
Peak performing device!READ MORE;;;;
Bettery is  very week and every thing is Very GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Wonder full... excellent performance....READ MORE;;;;
So sweet iPhone se.. I like it..READ MORE;;;;
Good ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Over all goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good product and delivered on time. The only bad feeling is payment of more monies on the phone exchange :(READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice to use better priceREAD MORE;;;;
GREAT PRODUCT BUT WORST BATTERY BACKUP WHILE DOING HEAVY WORKS OTHERWISE IT IS GOODBEST LCD DISPLAY IN CLASS  BUT THE DISAPPOINTING PART OF THIS PHONE IS THICK BEZELS BUT THE TIME AFTER YOU WILL EASILY GET COMFORT BEST HANDY AND POWERFULL PHONE GREAT VALUE FOR MONEYIF YOU ARE A SMALL POWERFUL PHONE LOVER BLINDLY GO FOR ITREAD MORE;;;;
Simply Awesome 🤩 Fantastic Performance wowwww😍🥰READ MORE;;;;
Ultimate tip ! If you save your battery only use net when in use otherwise turn off perfect tip try this..READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Best Phone for normal use only problem is battery backup and lcd display. Display could be better but at a price 24750 its best phone considering the processor and brand. Specs are similar to iphone 11 except display and cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Posting this review after 8 months & i must say this is the superb phone for those who want a compact phone.. battery backup is decent for normal users.Camera is as usual more than fantastic.Just close Your eyes and hit the buy button.  🔥🔥READ MORE;;;;
i got my ph in two days and waooo it was pretty gud and got my earphone ( lightening connector type) charger 5w potrait mode is awsome .thanx flipkart for fast delivery .READ MORE;;;;
Its beautiful and powerful phone..on a moderate use it will give you a full day back up...its  a pocket friendly phone... not for hardcore gamers.READ MORE;;;;
Everything is so so good except battery..READ MORE;;;;
Overall awsum phone ... only battery backup is lessREAD MORE;;;;
Unbelievable price for Awesome mobileREAD MORE;;;;
The best phone ever I like the small factor of the phone for daily usage the battery back was great 6 to 7 hrs. As well as Speaker sounds was very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is good except battery performanceREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice Product Love this Phone for I am a first time Apple user but you have to compensate with the small battery and small screenREAD MORE;;;;
Very good Product Worth Buying ...Beat deal on FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
NYC phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone but not for the ones who use big screen phones overall fab product #appleiphoneloverREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone body of 8 and features of xr 😂READ MORE;;;;
Superb phone at very cheap price. Thanks to Flipkart for this great offer and excellent service.READ MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
IPhone is a best product in the world it helps me in what I need to do the app also so good that displays superb IPHONE SEREAD MORE;;;;
Good ProcessorREAD MORE;;;;
Don't overthink just go for it...You will feel that high after it got deliveredREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
You can not have such a good phone in the low prices which I got it..before time delivery by Flipkart..good price in sale...READ MORE;;;;
Just go for it!!READ MORE;;;;
Mind blowing purchase... fastest delivery by Flipkart.Thanks Flipkart for the offerREAD MORE;;;;
worth for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Best product everREAD MORE;;;;
I'm using Iphone's for last 9 years ... This one is best in class .. *Brilliant looks as Always *very handy *comfortable to use *compact phone *Power pack A13 Bionic chip . *Awesome camera  *Only problem... is with battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone is best phone in worldREAD MORE;;;;
AwsomeREAD MORE;;;;
Great product in the world right now. Thanks for Made in India product.READ MORE;;;;
Just wowREAD MORE;;;;
Its looks very great in hand performance was so GreatCamera was awesome Battery backup is okay if u r normal user then i will come 1 full working day. If you are heavy user then at end of the evening we want the chargingColour was awesome i love it thank you FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice productREAD MORE;;;;
I just loved this product💞READ MORE;;;;
Awesome Product. Thanks to Flipkart for speedy delivery with safely packed up.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone se op ❤️❤️READ MORE;;;;
Best phone everREAD MORE;;;;
Red colour is best colour and really best performanceREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Best product as per range must buyREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is smooth worth buyingREAD MORE;;;;
Thats a beast about camera and processer. My first smartphone and i got this in bbd at 26kREAD MORE;;;;
SupperbREAD MORE;;;;
Best ever iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Phone was awesome and I think battery was low but when I use battery was good and giving me 7-8hours screen on time. Camera was great portrait shot was good and they have also many optipns in camera.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Superb PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
I am always in search of a compact phone which high speed. Well some smartphones Are just showing the numbers but not the performance. Well iPhone se is compact and gaining its rating numbers through its performance . Really impressed try it guysREAD MORE;;;;
This product very nice and smoothREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Overall performance good. The only missing thing is the battery .READ MORE;;;;
It’s an awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product.👍👍READ MORE;;;;
TNX FLIPKART FOR AMEZING PRICEREAD MORE;;;;
Best Buy on Big billion day Sale. Screen size is enough  to watch videos. Battery life is the only downsize. 6-7 hrs screen on time.READ MORE;;;;
Very best & nyc phoneREAD MORE;;;;
A really amazing phone! A13 chip performance is superb... camera is great and every other things are great... just the battery life could be better...READ MORE;;;;
Good mobile I buy BBS at 27kREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Ever iPhone ❤️ Thanks to Flipkart...👍READ MORE;;;;
God One..READ MORE;;;;
happy to grab the dealREAD MORE;;;;
It’s my iPhone after android n I m not going back just the best decisionREAD MORE;;;;
Wowww!!!!.. Mind blowing purchase.Thank you Flipkart / apple. It’s an tiny beast 😍😍😘😘😘😘😘 loved it.!!!READ MORE;;;;
Jai flipkart. I am happy..READ MORE;;;;
Screen is vibrating while playing musicREAD MORE;;;;
Got one iPhone SE for 24100 during big billion day sales and another one for 16000 after exchange.Worth the money at this price range. Battery is too small for heavy users. Perfect phone for those who love small phones which is really superfast.Worth the money if available at 25k or lower price. Go for the 64 Gb variant rather than bigger variant because for the price difference you pay you can easily purchase I cloud for a couple of years(at least 5 years).Ideal for parents as it is small an...READ MORE;;;;
Nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
My first phone nd its a nice buy ...but in low light selfies are not that good but ...in day light picture wuality is aweasome ...jst go for it if battery doesnt matters(if u use youtube or insta etc ..6_7hrs ) to u that much ..altough its a nice and premium phone ..i like itREAD MORE;;;;
Bought this phone in red 128gb. I must say it was a very good decision . Absolutely enjoying every moment with it exploring its features.people I watched a movie in Apple TV plus and charged full at five evening and now it’s 2.00 am and still left with 26% . Butter smooth on performance. I thought it is small compared to my previous phone which was 6.1 inch but this one does the job and m happy. Go for it only if u like small phone as it would be difficult for people with big fingersREAD MORE;;;;
It looks very cute and stylish in hand... I love this phone...READ MORE;;;;
WoowwREAD MORE;;;;
awesome phone...purchase it without hesitation if you want a avg. screen size phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Thnx flipkart for giving us big billion days sale...my dream of using an iPhone became true. The phone is awesome. I loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Great productREAD MORE;;;;
Over all goodREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
I got this in 2020's Big billion days offer...and what a beauty is this!❤️Many people will giving negative feedback on battery but I'm android and iOS user....but i don't play games and battery life is sufficient and good too!!READ MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
nice oneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice colour and best camera and thanks to flipcartREAD MORE;;;;
Good but battery can be give good back upREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone @31k 128gb an iphone.... exciting dealREAD MORE;;;;
Small pocket friendly phone 📱READ MORE;;;;
Good i like itREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product id you have normal use to save battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Ontime delivery w8th best lowest price by flipkart with good exchange value...thanks flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
I gifted this mobile to my nephew who  is studying in college ... He is so much happy with the mobile ... as I m user of iPhone 11 ... I felt great with iPhone SE in this prize segment . I bought it for Rs 25999 . Thank you so much FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
really awsmmREAD MORE;;;;
I bought 26k. All are good except battery capacity :)READ MORE;;;;
Fastest deliver I loved it I got great deal just 24k aroundREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing 😍READ MORE;;;;
Value of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Best in this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Worth for the price of 26kREAD MORE;;;;
Product is good at this price but battery is little weak need improvementREAD MORE;;;;
Simply  SuperREAD MORE;;;;
Simply I loved itREAD MORE;;;;
My first Iphone   I am so Happy with this 😍😍😍😍😍This is my first phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone and fast delivery got next dayREAD MORE;;;;
SUPERB PHONE .MUST BUY .I GOT 128GB IN MRP. 30999.THANK YOU FLIPKART BBD.GUYS PLEASE CLOSE BACKGROUND APPS THEN YOU WILL GET BATTERY PERFORMANCE. THANKSREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks for FILIFCARDREAD MORE;;;;
I really waited from a long tym to buy an iphone but never got a chance but flipkart have fulfilled it by reducing the prices its so good the best phone i ever usedREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice product what  I got camer is to good with portrait mode..... And the mobile is smallREAD MORE;;;;
A13 chipSuper smooth performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Extremely portable and handy with premium qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is fine but battery is very disappointingREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phones. Big blast in the size of  small packetREAD MORE;;;;
Camera A1Battery- Not to good or to bad average :)Performance- Too GooodFront camera- averageREAD MORE;;;;
Fabulous productREAD MORE;;;;
Worlds best phone with superloaded featuresREAD MORE;;;;
Best compact phone in recent times.READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Best iPhone so farREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phn in low budgetREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best cost effective iPhone you could get now.READ MORE;;;;
Affordable iphone ever! Worth the priceREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Awesomely awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
My first iphone. Thanks to Big Billion Days.READ MORE;;;;
Got this in 23 hours after ordering.. super fast delivery.. i don’t play games in phone so the battery backup is good for full day use.. satisfied with this purchase.. thank you FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Got original product from Flipkart as always. Prompt delivery.Improvement needed in product packaging.There was no bubble wrap or more protection for box of iphone.Very much happy with flipkart and seller Retail.NetREAD MORE;;;;
Very good product Worth itREAD MORE;;;;
Delivered on time.ThanksREAD MORE;;;;
GOOD AND AWESOME FOR THIS PRICE AND LESS TO SEND LOTS FOR LOVES.READ MORE;;;;
Camera quality is very good n smooth touchREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phone with good performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Waoo this is value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Acc to me best phone under 40kPros Camera is superb ( I mean it signature iphone camera)Sound is loud and of very good qualityDisplay is really goodPerformance is next level with A13 bionicSecure and fastConsBattery is al little low but if u don't play games than its enoughDisplay is small u all know thatOverall it is really goodREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome ❤️READ MORE;;;;
wery nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great performance!!Received this product at great price Rs.27999 during BBD sale!!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice prodect I got in sale in best price really nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
The mobile was very smart and too smartREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone nd awesome dilevery by flipkart Thank u flipkart 😍😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Awesome . Bought in Big billion days . Very fast delivery by Flipkart. Best budget phone .READ MORE;;;;
Tis is a good phone.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Super phone.READ MORE;;;;
Chota Monster but compromise battery. Don't worry there is available first Charging. I m very happy with this device purchasing Big balloon day 2020 sale.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
More than satisfied awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
Super budget phoneI phone loverREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Performance - Overall its best Camera - All knw this is the best in cameraSize - compact and few people like this way kind of Phones (Including me)Battery - u gotta compromise in dis section its good for normal user but nt for heavy task n not much youtubeREAD MORE;;;;
Loving it.READ MORE;;;;
Best choice in 26kREAD MORE;;;;
Best option in 26kREAD MORE;;;;
value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
Very handy to use. Performance is just awesome 😍READ MORE;;;;
Phone is good but battery is very badREAD MORE;;;;
seriously great ....loved it great experience ❤Thank you flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Really great mobile..but iPhone 6 and SE same in size and look..what if it change it size from 4.7 to 5READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Performance too good to be told about same performance as iPhone 11 series.... Camera is awesome... Shots are well maintained... I got it for 29k...close your eyes and purchase it..READ MORE;;;;
Superb mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good handi phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Beautiful phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone n delivery was too good by Flipkart...greatvgoing flipkart team...READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Just go and buy it .I loved it ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Excellent deviceREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing iPhone! Got this steal deal in Big Billion Days sale. Quick and safe delivery by Flipkart. Loving it!READ MORE;;;;
Excellent 👍READ MORE;;;;
Received today..like it love thisREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best handy phone ever...Awesome...😍READ MORE;;;;
Everyone knows what it does. And it does what it does.READ MORE;;;;
BESTREAD MORE;;;;
Battery life and camera are bit of let down but rest all is really good.READ MORE;;;;
Chindi product 😂😂 but enakk asht costly .. cheap all kotre innod erd tagoboditt🙃 offer iddag tagolrappa😂Anyway congratulations venki😂READ MORE;;;;
In this price good phone but not best bcoz of battrey.READ MORE;;;;
I get bestREAD MORE;;;;
Nice pretty lookREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing great value and great deliver by flipkart loved iphone seREAD MORE;;;;
Only prob is battery else display is okREAD MORE;;;;
I Love Black 🥰🥰Just asm dealREAD MORE;;;;
Best iphone ever better than iphone xr and also I have buy it at a very lowest price best in the segmentREAD MORE;;;;
This is my upgrade from 5S to SE after 5 years. iPhone is value for money and I don't need to worry about new phone for next 5 years.READ MORE;;;;
The only reason why I didn’t rate it 5 is because of its battery life other than that it’s best product to buy and it is total value for money smartphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Product is good. As usual Flipkart delivery is worst.READ MORE;;;;
GOODREAD MORE;;;;
Finally my dream comes true I love the Apple products I love small compact phone like iPhone se 2020READ MORE;;;;
Thank for seller I got product in one dayREAD MORE;;;;
Sexy🔥READ MORE;;;;
Best phone.READ MORE;;;;
If you want optimization and apple ecosystem go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Perfomence is very well charging level is not bad Camera good .....READ MORE;;;;
One of the BestREAD MORE;;;;
Fast delivery very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money. Thanks to flipkart for best offer in market also for super fast delivery.Battery backup is extremely good if you are a normal user (im not playing any game). Battery really good.READ MORE;;;;
Got at a brilliant priceREAD MORE;;;;
superbREAD MORE;;;;
Over all in this price point it is a best smart phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing productREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent Specs at affordable priceREAD MORE;;;;
Hola!!Performance and camera is really good.Small and comfortable to handle.Battery life is the weakest point.Sound quality is excellent.Great deal!!☺️Thank You for fast delivery.READ MORE;;;;
Best Buy for 25kREAD MORE;;;;
Superb mobile and fast delivery value for monryREAD MORE;;;;
very googREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome and good handy phone sreen look little small otherwise performance and look is cool. Bought this at 24k in big billion days sale. Nice packing and timely delivered by flipkart.....go for it.READ MORE;;;;
overall Good.READ MORE;;;;
Good product and excellent customer service flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone Great deal..READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone¡▪︎♤♡▪︎♡●♡●♡●♡♤●READ MORE;;;;
Great value on big billion day nice product.and I got it for 28kREAD MORE;;;;
nice one productvREAD MORE;;;;
Battery issue otherwise phone is best in classREAD MORE;;;;
You need not too much details about iphone becuse its very clear what apple is and you get it in SE2READ MORE;;;;
Fastest delivery ever.READ MORE;;;;
Product is osm good product camera is bestREAD MORE;;;;
Beast.Chota pack bada dhamaka.READ MORE;;;;
Just awesome. Best in the market. Battery’s is nothing a issue forever those who use phone as phone.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone 11 like experienceREAD MORE;;;;
Extremely satisfied with the product features and build quality. Except it has got less battery capacityREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent 🙈READ MORE;;;;
This iPhone has amazing cameras believe me.Performence is top notch.Battery us just ok.I'm really impressed with this deviceREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you so much...READ MORE;;;;
Good to but at this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Very good design and performanceREAD MORE;;;;
its amazing 🤟READ MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you Flipkart my dream come trueREAD MORE;;;;
Best dealREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
That’s the greatest phone in this price range And provide great performance with it chip set A13bionic I compare this phone with iPhone 11 there is no difference between them only display or 1 extra camera in iPhone 11So I extremely suggest to all of us please buy iPhone se rather then iPhone 11READ MORE;;;;
This phone is single sim no dual simREAD MORE;;;;
Great Purchase Good PerformanceAffordable iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
I Got in 24249/-Mobile data speed work slowly... Please improve network qualityREAD MORE;;;;
The battery is decent.READ MORE;;;;
On big billon days apple is a best price tagREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing go for it..READ MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice in this rangeREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
fab. productREAD MORE;;;;
I got this beast at 24k around..superb performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone in the worldREAD MORE;;;;
I phone se good phone I am so happyREAD MORE;;;;
best phone everREAD MORE;;;;
This is a good phone & good app But there is a problem with this app that is auto cancellation issue.READ MORE;;;;
Got it for 25999/-. Value for the money. 4K 60 fps Video is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Avesome product thnk u Flipkart for giving such a offer on S E iPhone 2020 in bigbillions day n loved it😍❤️🤩🤗READ MORE;;;;
Worth for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Great product at best price. Bought it for 25K. Thanks Flipkart for Big Billion Day. And also thanks SBI for the offer on credit card. Great experience. Owning an I phone of 2020 model at this price. Small and handy phone with latest Bionic Chip. Assembled In INDIA....READ MORE;;;;
Value for money if bought in big billion days saleREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is just awesome and i am in love with this product Just remember to pack it in the bubble wrap so that the box doesn’t get crushed in transit That’s all Everything was fine except the packagingREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Bang for the buckREAD MORE;;;;
Bahut hi tagda aur khoobsoorat fone hai... one handed uses easy to carry... performance me beastREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome piece. Value fir money..READ MORE;;;;
Love with this model 😍 look 😍 size 🤩🤩🤩😍 I'm happy withREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks for faster delivery and BB offeeREAD MORE;;;;
Great and awesome phone 👍READ MORE;;;;
Honestly this iPhone is a total beast and can outdate any Android phone available in market today seriously but this phone only one demerit and that is a small 4.7 Inches screen otherwise A13 Bionic chipset along with 3GB of Ram can handle out any task pretty much well along with Pro Gaming .READ MORE;;;;
Very Smooth Performance and value for money at price of 25999 purchased on big billion days 2o20READ MORE;;;;
Nice modalREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Benefits of purchasing this phone 1-.....2-.....3- you look richREAD MORE;;;;
Looks very attractive work very wellREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product .. !! Flipkart never disappoints !! love you flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Absolutely value for money when bought in gib billion days @25999/-.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome 😊👍 Best IphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Overall good product but battery is very poor last only for 5hrs maxREAD MORE;;;;
Best software experience under 26kREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
I loved it!! <3READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Difficulty to use It's good to be difficultREAD MORE;;;;
Average battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Price to highREAD MORE;;;;
Always I phone lover value of money best phone in big billion day love itREAD MORE;;;;
Best Price only 24259/-RsREAD MORE;;;;
Today is just the first day. Product looks nice. I am very happy with the delivery service phone was booked on 16th. Estimated date was 19th and hurray it was delivered on next day i.e on 17th.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone the only bad thing is the battery of the phone....other than that all is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
It's very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice product.READ MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Osm phoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
simply awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone...READ MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Within a forthnight the rate crashed like anything very disappointedREAD MORE;;;;
True value of money 😍READ MORE;;;;
Very fast delivery... awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
The best phone based on life and performance. Delivered in two days with perfect packing. Thanks flipkart!READ MORE;;;;
TopREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
AwsmREAD MORE;;;;
Simply awesome!! Everything including battery and best deal with 26k. Got 2 phones yesterday.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome MobileREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
At the price of 24250/- is great deal for me and I always love apple products only one disadvantage is battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
Battey is smallREAD MORE;;;;
Low price Nice MobileREAD MORE;;;;
Overall value for money phone. Just battery issue. With software updates If apple can utilise A13 bionic chip for long battery life.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good PerformanceREAD MORE;;;;
Little Bit Battery Issue But U can Go For ItREAD MORE;;;;
REALLY WORTHY PRODUCT BY APPLE AT A VERY AFFORDABLE PRICE.....GREAT TO SHOP ON FLIPKART.....AT A GREAT PRICE...READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone 👌READ MORE;;;;
Very good service by Flipkart phone received in one day delivery thank you for good dealREAD MORE;;;;
Really an amazing deal at 25 K. And the color red is so cool. Love itREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you Flipkart for fast delivery . And thanks to Ekart as well .READ MORE;;;;
It's just like .. LITTLE BOMBREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product & fast service ❤️READ MORE;;;;
The only downside on this phone is its battery. You'll get around 3-4 hrs of screentime on a full charge. Except that its a great phone. iOS flies on A13 Bionic on this size. Probably the best compact phone out there.READ MORE;;;;
Super mobile for apple lovers and in budget 👍READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks flipkart..for ultimate productREAD MORE;;;;
I have no problems beacuse its iphone but battery drain is some droping it is ok for me and go for itREAD MORE;;;;
•Thnks Uh So Much FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Loved it ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Very smooth slim quality  and  bole to i love  phoneREAD MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
Great productREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Received next day of delivery and original product.READ MORE;;;;
Love this iPhone. I have iPhone 8  both are looking as twin's. But iPhone SE 2020 camera and performance is better than I expected. At 25999 this is a ultimate phone for iOS user. Thanks flipkaRt for one day deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is superrrrrr as it should be in an apple phone.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent product and excellent price.READ MORE;;;;
Great phone no doubt.Amesome displayAwesome cameraAwesome performanceMediocre battery lifeJust disappointed with the screen size(thick bezels)READ MORE;;;;
Best iphone but Battery back is not goodREAD MORE;;;;
Wowwwww....READ MORE;;;;
Small in size but powerfull 👍READ MORE;;;;
Amazing small sized phone that fits the pocket easily and rest the brand says it all.READ MORE;;;;
AWOSOME AS USUAL PHONE IPHONEREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product. Loving itREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product and thnxx flipkert for very gud serviceREAD MORE;;;;
Brilliant iPhone for this price thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
If you have a powerbank and you’re okay with small display this might be the best phone for you cause it’s an ace in every other departmentREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product with A13 bionic chipREAD MORE;;;;
awesome product goo for it🔥READ MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
performance and camera is really really good but battery life is quite bad but-if you are normal user you will get through day easily.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone with all features at lesser price.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice phone...READ MORE;;;;
Flipkart delivered within 24 hours great productREAD MORE;;;;
I was using iPhone 7. I can say there is a huge difference. Go for it. For battery it depends on use. Camera is very good. No one can beat apple in this price range.READ MORE;;;;
Looks goodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
I got the product in one day. Mobile is good and it works for medium users like parents and others.READ MORE;;;;
Great device at an amazing price.READ MORE;;;;
Worth buyingREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
In 23400 price value for money phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best and good portrait effects!!READ MORE;;;;
Such an amazing phone very fast and super smooth and got the best deal oh Flipkart only at 25990 got huge discount just go for it and thanks to Flipkart for this amazing deal I love itREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent performance..READ MORE;;;;
Bought in BBD Sale for 25999 and its good product for this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Fantastic Purchase but the drawback is the battery life.READ MORE;;;;
Very good phone 📱 apple is class 😊READ MORE;;;;
iPhone needs to be improve battery life more.READ MORE;;;;
Value for money products.READ MORE;;;;
This iPhone made for who want to shift 1st time on android to iOS 👌👌👌best in this priceREAD MORE;;;;
AwsmREAD MORE;;;;
All is awesome just battery is the issueREAD MORE;;;;
Very Nice Product and Fastest service by Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Don't hesitate to get your hands on...👍🏻✌🏻READ MORE;;;;
NycREAD MORE;;;;
Superb but battery is pretty decent one enough for one day usage but u should have a powerbank and for A13 CHIPSET PHONE IN OFFER26000 IT'S WORTH ITREAD MORE;;;;
This is the first time where i have purchased Iphone. And literally i want to tell one thing to all that it is just amazing.Many peoples have created hype for the screen and battery that both are not good.But according to me. If you are a moderate user then definitely. It will provide you the backup for whole day.READ MORE;;;;
Except battery this mobile is excellentREAD MORE;;;;
Voice is not workingqREAD MORE;;;;
Best deal by Flipkart iPhone se 2020 for 26k. Product has been delivered in one day. Excellent phone. Awesome performance. Only negative is battery.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone go for it👌👍READ MORE;;;;
Mind blowing phone. i love it.READ MORE;;;;
Good daylight photos Portrait shots are amazingEventhough night mode in missing still it captures good shotsVideo quality is outstandingBatter life ks avereageSound quality is good Overall no lag Worth its valueREAD MORE;;;;
Just awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
O’sm Product ! Love it ! #Thanks !READ MORE;;;;
Except battery it is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Great PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice packaging. Super fast delivery. Very much satisfied with the product.READ MORE;;;;
Phone is packed at its best seeing the cost.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone except battery holding capacity is less.READ MORE;;;;
FuntasticREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile and camera quality is super upREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
If you want a small form factor with big bezels on screen and latest apple processor & software and can compromise on battery life then go for it . Camera is good better then competition.READ MORE;;;;
Just like this product as it price vs performance.Smooth experience ever..READ MORE;;;;
Se is looking osm no complaint for this but fromt camera is not so goodREAD MORE;;;;
Its the bestREAD MORE;;;;
Good iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product 🥰🥰Loved it. Promote from Android Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
Though performance is good but many apps are not built or optimised for these screen size because of which few app gives bad user experience.READ MORE;;;;
Super phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Great PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
As expected Nice but not betterREAD MORE;;;;
I was confused between Iphone Xr and SE 2020 but i finally bought the SE. And thank god I bought it. It is one of the best smartphones out there. The performance is just mind blowing. It takes better pictures than XR and will get software updates for 4-5 years minimum.The only drawback is its battery which is average and can give a screen time of 6 hours in full brightness.READ MORE;;;;
Nice one. Fastest delivery.actually saying for this product default is battery backup very poor. Otherwise i am satisfied for this product for my moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Battery excellentREAD MORE;;;;
Too goodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome camera and phone performance.READ MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone... But very similar to its predecessor IPhone 7READ MORE;;;;
Value for money.READ MORE;;;;
This Phone is amazingREAD MORE;;;;
The camera is 🔥READ MORE;;;;
It's excellent.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is good but pricing is bit more As per specifications.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile 😍READ MORE;;;;
Not badREAD MORE;;;;
Good PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great product. Love it.....READ MORE;;;;
Just an awesome budget friendly iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Worth buyingREAD MORE;;;;
awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Good productsREAD MORE;;;;
Great PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
I purchased iPhone SE 2nd generation recently. It has great integration with google apps. And the size is perfect. The iOS gives you many options to customise the way you like to use the phone. Battery is good enough for daily usage. It’s a perfect pocket phone with latest iOS bionic chip. Which comes with great reasonable price. So go for it.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone in budgetCamera is awesomeBattery is not that goodBut still worth for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone with good camera for a great deal. And it’s super fast and very good feel and quality.READ MORE;;;;
Good OneREAD MORE;;;;
NothingREAD MORE;;;;
Nice i love itREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent camera qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Authentic and genuine!READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phone. Fast processing. Nice camera.READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Super ✌✌✌✌❤READ MORE;;;;
Good phone with below average battery.READ MORE;;;;
Very nice product Easy to useREAD MORE;;;;
It should get a fast charger. The red colour is looking fabulous. Performance is very good.READ MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Night and day it’s camera performanceREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent for the money u pay. I have been using iPhone for more than 10 years now. This is good.READ MORE;;;;
It has  totally changed my perspective!!READ MORE;;;;
Great 100% genuine product ...Seller is good..READ MORE;;;;
Made me switch from pixel 3a to iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
ThanksREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is too good.compact size u will love it .minus thing is battery it gives u max 5hrs . reaming thing is great . decent camera . excellent condition.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone with in the affordable price  by Apple. Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Worth buying👍👌READ MORE;;;;
Looking awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
supperREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone...always awsm....READ MORE;;;;
Overall Very nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Overall it’s niceREAD MORE;;;;
Hood phone within budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Love itREAD MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
Works very nice.READ MORE;;;;
Its my first Iphone and the best. I read about battery back up its too horrible but still i bought it. Best iphone value for money if you buy below 35000 during card offers.READ MORE;;;;
Great product.READ MORE;;;;
Awsome🔥READ MORE;;;;
Everything about this phone (except battery) is good I must say. Love using this phone as l wanted a small phone that isn’t hefty. This one is the best. Battery should have been improved. It doesn’t last one full day.READ MORE;;;;
Good one ❤READ MORE;;;;
Awesome 😎💯READ MORE;;;;
worth rs 34500READ MORE;;;;
I phone se 2 the best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Overall good phone by Apple 🍎READ MORE;;;;
V nyc my first i phone se i m so happyREAD MORE;;;;
Verry Good Phone value for money .READ MORE;;;;
awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Its a good compact phone having all required features.  Its battery capacity may be small but it runs for a day and takes around 1 hr for full charge.  Compact and cool features especially camera is very good.  Its the best mobile you can get im this price range. For a normal user it has everything you can ask for.READ MORE;;;;
Great experienceREAD MORE;;;;
Best for moderate userREAD MORE;;;;
Day light camera 😍READ MORE;;;;
All good except the battery life..READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Apple plz work on battery lyfREAD MORE;;;;
Overall good but battery it shold be moreREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is poor but less application uses makes battery performance improved although phone is quite handy and cool camera is good but who have money and love apple products only you can buy rest please avoid this and go for higher range apple products or buy a android insteadREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect product launched apple value for money ...READ MORE;;;;
Very good product from AppleREAD MORE;;;;
Very good productREAD MORE;;;;
Superb performance... outstanding camera... Flipkart delivery is quick and safe...READ MORE;;;;
The perfect phone for guys who want a small phone and not worring about the besel less display. The A13 bionic is a best and the best smartphone processor till date. Call reception was excellent. Talking about the camera the pictures turned out to be good and the video was excellent. Shoot at 4k 60fps to see the potential of this device. Again thanks to the A13 chip inside. Wireless charging at this price point is something magnificent considering that no manufacturers would thrown it at 37k....READ MORE;;;;
For the once who never experienced an iphone this is the one. You will love it. But battery is a serious issue  only when u r not smart. My suggestion use a battery case... it will surly help a lot.  Nothing else is the issue this smartphone is awesome and ridiculously speed.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product. It has been 15 Days now and am really loving it. No issues at all.READ MORE;;;;
This brand new addition of iphone SE just awesome it feels good when i look at back.READ MORE;;;;
IPhone is iPhone no words... It is simply superb and is very user friendly battery back 2days🤞...even after having calls continuously at the end of the day I can see 50%READ MORE;;;;
Apple can some more specification. Then it bcm more value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Handy phone. Battery could be more. With the iPhone 11 Pro processor in it it’s very smooth.Camera is awesome.If you are not into gaming you can go for this phone.READ MORE;;;;
ONE OF THE BEST MOBILE BUT ONLY PROBLEM WITH BATTERY LIFE..READ MORE;;;;
Wonderful beast for this price.Performance is stunning.But battery is not upto the mark.But can be used for a normal user which will get throughout a day.READ MORE;;;;
Go for it it !!READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone i ever seen  just perfect for usREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Loving itMainly we will get all the functions of 11 except dual cameras which I don’t require as i have the third generation nural engine for camera processingREAD MORE;;;;
It’s a very nice phone .. the most likeable feature for me is it’s size .. not big not smallREAD MORE;;;;
Over all good.READ MORE;;;;
The perfect phone one can have.READ MORE;;;;
Very good mobile. Its comfortable for handling and using.READ MORE;;;;
Awsm performance..READ MORE;;;;
This product is budget friendlyREAD MORE;;;;
value for money✌️.. nice performance..READ MORE;;;;
Grt phone..not for heavy users..READ MORE;;;;
Super smart phone...READ MORE;;;;
Very Good iPhoneBest phone for small screen usersBest performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Worth it ❤️READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone to buy for people looking for compact phoneREAD MORE;;;;
The product is awesome .. and with the flipkart i get  this at best price... But the only issue is the battery .. after spending 35k you need a power bankREAD MORE;;;;
Super and Good mobile for reasonable priceREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
For those who wants a professional mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Phone looking so nice. Am so happyREAD MORE;;;;
got the product with safety...thanks flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Wow. Semma Fast Shipping and Delivery. I'm very satisfied..thanks to FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Product is fantastic! No doubt on it. Red iPhone looks amazing. Performance is par due to A13 iphone 11 pro chip. Late shipment done by supercomnet hence received the iPhone a day late. Please note the delivery date was very important. Please work on this.READ MORE;;;;
First time am using iphone. It is very handly. Good performance. And affordable price.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone without any problems. Everything super except the battery. Battery is same as of iPhone 7 and 8.READ MORE;;;;
It’s a gud phone for normal UsageREAD MORE;;;;
The Best Budget iPhone in the Market.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone for first timer on IPhone.. Apple will kill the competition..READ MORE;;;;
Nice PhnREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money...a handy phone with great camera and sound quality..very fast Battery lasts max. for a day..READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup is very lowREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
It’s too beautiful and features are also goodREAD MORE;;;;
Old DesignExtremely HandyExceptional Performance Average Battery Decent CameraPerfect for Small Phone LoversREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone Within budget. Little disappointed with camera quality but overall the phone is awesome.. loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing and bestREAD MORE;;;;
Loved iPhone SE second edition. It is value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Great Product 👍READ MORE;;;;
Excellent device.READ MORE;;;;
I am happy ❤ thanks apple &flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome iPhone.....READ MORE;;;;
PS -95Great phone Im satisfied .READ MORE;;;;
Really superb mobile good working superb battery health excellent performanceREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing deviceREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone.  It's been 1 month and the phone performance is very awesome. Go for it without any other thought.READ MORE;;;;
I’m happy that I purchased this. Really good.Thankyou flipkartbREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best iphone ever made. Totally satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone...... and good priceREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks apple value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Apart from battery all goodREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is superb fast.READ MORE;;;;
I am impressed. The brand new iPhone se 2020....READ MORE;;;;
Handed phone with best price iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Super super supeeeeeerrrrrREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
5 starREAD MORE;;;;
Apple experience...niceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice  it's awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Android To iOS...i can feel the transition..and its amazing 👌READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone 👌 Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Small beastREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is good but only problem with iphones is we cannot record calls and it's difficult to merge calls..In the terms of size it looks small and cute and camera is excellent..Not at all satisfied with the battery life..Good that it gets charged very fast but life  doesn't lasts for long time..People who use the mobile for more time need to carry a power bank..Overall it's good..READ MORE;;;;
Speakers are superb very good that expectationREAD MORE;;;;
GoodVery handy mobileI gifted to my momREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone but compare to price its very expensive.READ MORE;;;;
giving good service n productsREAD MORE;;;;
Absolutely amazing product especially love the small screen easy to handleREAD MORE;;;;
Its aws but only thing is look very similar to 8 but rest is awsm.READ MORE;;;;
The first impression is soooo gooood.. the colour red is stunning👍I’m a happy customer using an XR currently but SE feel more compact in your hands. Other performance aspects need time to get experience to commentREAD MORE;;;;
Good workREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome 😊READ MORE;;;;
Excellent product. Battery is the only con. Performance and camera are next level.READ MORE;;;;
Loved the camera 😍A13 chip is just sone p suhaga 🔥Cute 🥰 handy and very premium feelREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
My first iphone.... it's really goodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome smartphone this phone is supporting pubg extreme modeREAD MORE;;;;
Fantastic phone for me ..it working smoothlyREAD MORE;;;;
My first iPhone too much value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Need a better batteryREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Other than batteryI love itI already have iphone 11 proI play pubg on both on 11 pro and seStill it’s more fun on se than 11 proREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Compact and handy mobile......No words for A13 bionic chip its excellentBattery -little  bit poorREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone with the latest processor and ios 14. Very nice and handy phone by apple for those who want screen not more than 5 inch. Although battery is poor. But overall 9 points out of 10 for this phone.READ MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
My first apple product 😍😍Disply awesomeCamera - excellentOnly battery is weak pointOverall good value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
it's perfectREAD MORE;;;;
My first iphone I'm excited for apple like this from factor small and my dream come true look like supab and built solid thanks flipcart for existing offerREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Am so much satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Delivery is ultimate....... product is very fine.....READ MORE;;;;
Switched from being an android user to ios user. And the experience is pretty good. Best budget iPhone series!!READ MORE;;;;
Good qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Battery could have been better. But runs for a day for normal user.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent mobile.READ MORE;;;;
Very thing is good about phone... But I have to raise issue with Flipkart... Your services are good but your delivery executive lacks training that's why they usually make mistakes while exchange or return.... Kindly work on your delivery team... Otherwise I am big fan of Flipkart and genuinity of productsREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is awesome except battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome iPhone with great camera and performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing iPhone is always better in performance than any other phone and a very good phone in this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Very Nice ProductREAD MORE;;;;
GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE;;;;
WowREAD MORE;;;;
GreatREAD MORE;;;;
Need Apple iPhones require any special description?? SIMPLY SUPERB!READ MORE;;;;
A little more bells and whistles are always nice but it does everything an average user needs. Totally worth it.READ MORE;;;;
Best iphone  in this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Absolutely amazing iPhone with great features with update iOS 13 which runs faster! I'm loving this new generation of iPhone SE with upgraded features & cost effective compared to the product!READ MORE;;;;
An awesome phone 😍😍my first ever iPhone 📲READ MORE;;;;
It's very nice product of apple in minimum rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Good product.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing productNice camera If you like small display...this is for uREAD MORE;;;;
One handy phone best because its appleREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product..value for money but battery is make me disappointedREAD MORE;;;;
like itREAD MORE;;;;
If you have low budget and you need an I phone you can definitely choose the SE 2020 model. Quality product from Apple at low price. Excellent compact device with last year's fastest chipsetREAD MORE;;;;
I’m happy with this mobileREAD MORE;;;;
very good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Very very very fastest delivery by FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Battery can hardly stretch for a day. Everything else is great.READ MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Only if the battery lasted like any other android phone this phone would have been the best handy phone of 2020.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
In love with iPhone SEREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
No words to express. Happy to have a iPhone SE 2020. Thanks to entire flip kart teamREAD MORE;;;;
Very good product of AppleREAD MORE;;;;
PerfectREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Apart from battery capacity everything is topped in its departmentREAD MORE;;;;
Fully satisfied with this new generation iphone se... Camera is too good...nice processor..smooth display... And the most important thing is its portrait mode...superbREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is an Apple product so the normal bells and whistles that go along with it are all there.Probably the last iteration of the form factor that Apple started with the iPhone 6 so it’s pretty much the best you’re going to get in this form factor.Good camera. Good battery. Apple security and seamless connectivity.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone but not for playing gamesREAD MORE;;;;
I phone se is tooo good..m very happy with this product...thank you flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Small BeastREAD MORE;;;;
People who loves the small compact design and beast performance and camera should 100% go for it. In terms for battery it lasts for the whole day for a normal user but if you are gamer and heavy user of smartphone then you should not go for it.READ MORE;;;;
Battery is a major let down otherwise a great phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Only thing I faced is heating issue. Well it's having powerful processor.READ MORE;;;;
Very handyREAD MORE;;;;
Very very good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
First iphone which is value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Good compared to any androiCamera is less in mega pixels but the best in photo processing And you need to buy a power bank I recommend xr for 42kBut this comes with a13 bionic chipSo you must keep it in mind to get one year extra updates you can buy this and also this photos were not edited truthfullyREAD MORE;;;;
Awsm phone i love it❤️READ MORE;;;;
What a features 💜💜💜READ MORE;;;;
Good phone.READ MORE;;;;
My first iPhone and I loved it. The quality is great.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Just enough for everything.If you don't care about bezels in 2020 go for it.Battery is just enough for a day(4 hours on screen).Camera is perfectSoftware support for 4 years(min)iOS is sweetPower of FlagshipAnd........ the Price is excellent.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone at awesome price.READ MORE;;;;
Okk this is my first iphone ever 😍 And I m in love with this amazing phone 😍READ MORE;;;;
Very satisfied with my I phone....I love using ios.READ MORE;;;;
iPhone se 2020 is good choice for lite user . One word for camera is excellent....but low light are not good. performance is ultimate.if u are students it’s not suitable...but if u are working person when u free can play games like pubg . Even I’m pubg player my usage is less .but u can’t play more then 3 hours with 100percent.its a small display and apples best display.speakers are very loud and good .yes....2 stero speakers. Media experience is excellent even small display.every reviews are...READ MORE;;;;
AverageREAD MORE;;;;
I wanted a iPhone that is exactly the size of iPhone 6. This phone fits the bill.READ MORE;;;;
Worth the priceREAD MORE;;;;
Love  this  iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
This little smartphone is a beast in performance. Camera is amazing in daylight. Wish only battery and display could be better!READ MORE;;;;
No cons except for battery. Battery life is not good for gaming. Best for professional purposeREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Product...READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone did not seem small while using Great phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect phone for the students those who wants their first apple iPhone. But I’ll recommend you to buy black colour. I will not say that white is not good it’s awesome some but i will give more suggestions for the black colour.Otherwise the phone is best and delivery was also the best❤️👍READ MORE;;;;
great product except batteryALL WAYS REMEMBER DO NOT PHONEPE FLIPKART TAKES 24 HOURS TO PROCESS PAYMENTREAD MORE;;;;
It's an apple that's itREAD MORE;;;;
After 3 months I’m fully satisfied thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
True flagship performance.READ MORE;;;;
Delivery delayed but happyAcceptable price..READ MORE;;;;
Bought it for 36k. Received within 4 days. Performance is as said very good. Camera is descent. Battery could be little better. Need to charge twice a day. Charges fast though. Overall a good affordable product from brand.READ MORE;;;;
Good than my old IPhone 5sREAD MORE;;;;
It’s a great phone for the people who want to enter the Apple ecosystemREAD MORE;;;;
Really nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Quality bestREAD MORE;;;;
Beast💥💥READ MORE;;;;
My first iOS device. Great performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Best and Affordable at it’s class with fully loaded powerhouse...READ MORE;;;;
Good product. Again battery stability an issue camera quality is poor in low lights. Rest performance is not upto the mark as advertised. But Its only 10 day to say anything.READ MORE;;;;
best mobile best bprice thanksREAD MORE;;;;
So cute phone by apple... And thnku Flipkart given opportunity .......READ MORE;;;;
amazing phone for those who love compact phones and who wants to switch to iOS battery is the only major problem for meREAD MORE;;;;
Pretty good.READ MORE;;;;
Battery is poor .. but overall phone is awesome 😍READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Superb product...!!!Worth the price.READ MORE;;;;
Really this is special edition 🤩READ MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
Performance is very good but the camera focus is a little low as compared iPhone 6READ MORE;;;;
Excellent iPhone as per the price.READ MORE;;;;
Good qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Apple’s Best iPhone 2020READ MORE;;;;
I am first time using IPhone and the battery life worst ever experienced other than that mobile good.READ MORE;;;;
Performance is very very high u can plau oubg in hdrREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome performance🔥🤘iPhone photography of beast mode!!🔥As usual poor battery performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing best quality iPhone at such a low rate.READ MORE;;;;
NYC product thank you flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Super super glossy finish very nice mobile using freeREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Very compact and highletREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
It’s bang for the bucksREAD MORE;;;;
Superb one......No cons at allREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Looks geniune and a typical iphone feel.READ MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
SMALL AND POWERFULFor those of us who just want a phone (not a TV).A smartphone backed up by a powerful processor and sleekness that outdoes almost all the smartphones in the competition. If you want a phone that you can use single handedly (Have a thing for buttons to press) go for it. Amazing product. Amazing service by Flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Just wow. Amazing performance. Battery is not bad as  described by the youtoubers. Will last a day easily on normal usage.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone from Apple. Go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Good to use iOS at lesser priceREAD MORE;;;;
Original product Great priceREAD MORE;;;;
If you are not a gamer andyou are normal user andyou dont care about design and display then it is made for you...I recently changed from adroid and i will never go back bcz of the amazing features and log life software update of apple iosYes its true ... this is not made for every one5 hour on display bettery time is enough for whole dayREAD MORE;;;;
Best camera and performance 👌READ MORE;;;;
Excellent iPhone model as usual. Delivery was instant.READ MORE;;;;
The phone is good but the battery backup is not.READ MORE;;;;
Good mobile... But battery life is bit dissatisfactoryREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product. Excellent Service and the delivery person was too good. Very much satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Oh gosh insane mobile.  As expected good quality and fast delivery from flipkart.  Compact design and good performance and pro features.  Who are all like and need compact design and performance buy this one.  This phone not for gamer battery backup not enough. Overall I love itREAD MORE;;;;
A very good phone by apple specially for those who love to use phones of standard sizeREAD MORE;;;;
Overall decent device.Fast Processor Decent display Good camera Nice build Quality Battery is also ok for normal usage.READ MORE;;;;
gud phn because i have trust. but batery is not gud 🤔READ MORE;;;;
Fabulous packing & swift delivery.Thanks to Apple for adding such upgrades. But this product had assembled in China.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Excilent device but price is little high.READ MORE;;;;
Good one.READ MORE;;;;
Fast delivery and very happy with the product..READ MORE;;;;
It’s nice but heavy costREAD MORE;;;;
1 man armyREAD MORE;;;;
* people who want iphone * who does'nt care about screen size * having this phn as your firat iphone I am hpapy to have it and i dont regret ny decision at all. People who can adjust with screen size and are a moderate user should buy it. Its actually a good deal❤ happy to have it😍🙈💝READ MORE;;;;
Undisputed beast in pure performance.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone .READ MORE;;;;
value for money.READ MORE;;;;
Over all niceREAD MORE;;;;
I am looking for a compact phone from past couple of years but unfortunately I can't get in Android. At last I opted to but Apple and this is the best compact mobile available in the market. Everything is perfectly balanced expect battery.READ MORE;;;;
Very happy with the product and service.READ MORE;;;;
Best camera mobile at low price real amplifier audio music very powerful Wi-Fi six most a13 third generation processor.😊🥰🥳🥳🥳READ MORE;;;;
Awsmm camera best performane but lil battery issues for heavy usersREAD MORE;;;;
Nice one and online so fastREAD MORE;;;;
Superb....READ MORE;;;;
Awesome Apple productREAD MORE;;;;
Fully satisfied with the performance. Battery is quite decent not expected after reading reviews. Flipkart gave the best deal than retail store.READ MORE;;;;
ProsBest One Market and value for money Comparing the Higher Variants mostly 80% spec is similar Best for Photo and 4K videoNew improvement as Portrait ModeSimply Apple Rocks Always SE 2020 ❤️ConsHope battery is okay comparing Lower ModelsREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
I love it.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product.. Must buyREAD MORE;;;;
The best iPhone ever...READ MORE;;;;
It’s a very good product except batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice mobile but can't beat samsung camera and display. Battery is too small. Performance is beyond expectation. Better than old iphones.Display seems small.But feel of phone is awsome. It is not bulky and fits in your hand perfect. One hand operational.READ MORE;;;;
Its very good product ..but battery performance is okk okk ...if any one use 2 pH together like one Apple se and another any one ...then it's okk ....and its best pH for those people who are not heavy user ....I am not heavy user ..... So for me it's best Apple se this product's size is tooó much cute😍😍And handy setREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product by Apple .READ MORE;;;;
GreatREAD MORE;;;;
BEST IPHONEREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone bought it for 35999/-READ MORE;;;;
Literally the best phone you can buy if you don’t care for large displays.It has the processor from a 1 lakh phone!All i have to say.READ MORE;;;;
I am currently using the phone so cannot upload the image but the product is really great and Flipkart is a trust worthy website 😊READ MORE;;;;
Battery backup not perfect.Image quality is too good.Not suitable phone as per moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Nice and slim mobile.READ MORE;;;;
Battery is only problem otherwise perfect phone 📱READ MORE;;;;
Looking beautiful.!READ MORE;;;;
Super happy okREAD MORE;;;;
Osm product 😍love itREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome 👍READ MORE;;;;
Beast phone...READ MORE;;;;
Value For Momey. Great Product. Go ahead and buy this.READ MORE;;;;
Android are also greater than iphones.READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
PerfectREAD MORE;;;;
This phone is very handy and light weight. Touch ID and phone performance is great. But battery could be improved and night mode could be given.READ MORE;;;;
I am little concern about battery it was draining so fast.i am so happy with the mobile build quality and palm holding design performance was amazing.i am playing call of duty mobile which runs smoothly on my device with out hick up! Thanks apple for launching this device in india.But please think about the battery we need more digits replicate in the battery....?READ MORE;;;;
Just go for it👍READ MORE;;;;
Product is worth for money and easy to handle and performance is very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Everything in the phone absolutely good but only draw back is battery which comes with 1821mah which is not lasting for longREAD MORE;;;;
You can't get any thing better than this at this price if you are a old school you will love thsREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is a small handy and nice product except for low battery power. If you use it economically then you can use it for one day.  The video size is small.READ MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
Have purchased iPhone SE a month back where I had replaced with previous iPhone 5S. SE is value for money. Battery life is far better compared to others. One thing I noticed is both Earphone and charger port is same. With this we cannot insert Earphones when the phone is charging. Other than that everything is perfect. SEREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery life every thing is ok. Price should be low.READ MORE;;;;
Only iPhone you should buy.READ MORE;;;;
Battery is above average i am high user and i found only 5 hours screen on time and I think this quite good.READ MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money. Light weight phone. Easy to hold . Compact phone with all the latest features. Good for professionals .READ MORE;;;;
Camera could be betterREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good product. Value for money. Most important it’s made in IndiaREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Have found amazing till nowREAD MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Best apple phone under 40k. Super fast !!!READ MORE;;;;
Gr8 product...satisfied..READ MORE;;;;
The product was quitely awesome no complaints about it.Nd many many thanks 2 flipkart for d awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
good productREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone everREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome is SE2020READ MORE;;;;
This is iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
A great product at this cost. Especially for those who want to switch from android to IOS. Very handy and is perfect size.READ MORE;;;;
As usual great product from APPLE..READ MORE;;;;
BestREAD MORE;;;;
Good handy phone- IPhone trademark size. Decent battery life. Quick and safe delivery by Flipkart. I’m satisfied.READ MORE;;;;
Portrait mode is not that good on this phone and the battery life is good it can last you almost full day on full charge but if you play games like pubg or other heavy game then it won't last you more than 3 to 3.5 hour. Otherwise everything is fineREAD MORE;;;;
Good packing and genuine one. Thank u flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome.....as the name is telling everything...paisa usulREAD MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent build quality.  Value for money.  Excellent processing speed.  No lags found after usage of 5 days.  i upgraded from Iphone 5S.  Camera is super fine and pictures are more crisp and accurate.READ MORE;;;;
Beautiful phone. Slim but fully loaded with awesomeness. Battery a little disappointing but a good phone for iPhone users who are upgrading from 5 inch iPhone and don’t like to change much.READ MORE;;;;
Very good performenceREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product.nice disply and sound quality is awesome.battery is good for normal usage.camera quality is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Very good camera 👍👍👍👍  parformance  is very good and osm phone..👍👍..READ MORE;;;;
This is my first iPhone just one word to say it’s Awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Great phone for mid range and small but pretty handy. It is actual phone and not like tablets of 6 inches that we get nowadays.READ MORE;;;;
Looking awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup is OK for moderate user. Otherwise it's a compact phone.READ MORE;;;;
handy with dual sim featureREAD MORE;;;;
The delivery man was so kind And phone is goodREAD MORE;;;;
In love with my iPhone. Except battery life phone works well. Worth buyingREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Just go for it bindly. Value for money iphoneBest budget iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone18hrs fast deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone se is best phone in 2020READ MORE;;;;
Lovely phone.READ MORE;;;;
I would just say its just osm with fastest processor Only not for gammers as battey drains if u wanna play games pub g etc.. other wise its very niceREAD MORE;;;;
This mobile is simply superbREAD MORE;;;;
go for itREAD MORE;;;;
I got a Good and genuine product Thank you flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product...its a mini beast..super smooth with the presence of a flagship processor..READ MORE;;;;
Received discount from Flipkart + exchange value + card cash back final price of 30k really good purchase for me.READ MORE;;;;
NicrREAD MORE;;;;
I love it....READ MORE;;;;
iphone se 2020 cute excellentREAD MORE;;;;
It's a best iphone under this amount.1.Built quality 4 star2.performance 4star3.Battery 3 starOverall good.READ MORE;;;;
❤️😍love itREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product and awesome service...❤️READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Apple it is! Period. 😎🔥🔥READ MORE;;;;
Apple is great in performance and quality of product. But the prices are still high as compared to features.READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Battery performance of the phone is quite good.For a normal user it will easily give you full days of usage.Also wireless charging is very fast.READ MORE;;;;
Everything premium but at this size and weight battery not so disappointedREAD MORE;;;;
Worth itREAD MORE;;;;
If you wish to enter to apple ecosystem or just wish to get to know the iOS and don’t wish to buy a secondhand iPhone to do that then This phone is perfect option.Now about the Phone: i’m android user all along and recently switched to iOS and personally “I’M LOVING IT”.iOS has so less things than android but those basic; small little details are taken to almost perfection.But in the end operating systems are totally a matter of personal taste. So it’s upto you.Now about this device speci...READ MORE;;;
Just go for it don’t miss this it’s awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome i really lovedREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome..go for it!!READ MORE;;;;
Good iPhone  but battery is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Good affordale phone with less battery capacityREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product 👌READ MORE;;;;
Excellent experience of Apple iPhone Dilvery within 3DaysREAD MORE;;;;
Looking awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is awesome it have everything awesome you want only one thing is bad that's battery. You would have to charge it two times a day. Otherwise the phone is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Everything is good only the battery is annoying and the price is hefty but 7k more than usa is okREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Got this iPhoneSe 128gb on 41k.Really value for money. Thank you flipkart. Only you can make this price possible. ?READ MORE;;;;
Overall goodREAD MORE;;;;
It is smaller than you think. Processor is mind blowingly fast though. Picture quality and sound quality is amazing. Camera is breath takingREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Good product to buyREAD MORE;;;;
This is iPhone king of all cell phones Real Business phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Fast delivery and quality device.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent mobile with outstanding features of i phone 11.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Wow 🤩 the performance machineREAD MORE;;;;
I just loved using the phone!!READ MORE;;;;
Nyc oneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery capacity is very less for gamingREAD MORE;;;;
Value for  money.  Pict is very  very  clear.READ MORE;;;;
Overall it’s good purchase especially for that A13 Bionic it’s really worth full and for that brand of cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone by AppleREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery life sucks.. everything else is greatREAD MORE;;;;
Absolutely amazing just battery life is not that surprising or good. Camera is like DSLR. Just amazingREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good handset awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Camera 📸 quality is good.READ MORE;;;;
It’s just awesome being a apple user.READ MORE;;;;
I liked itREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice and good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is good except battery any way value for money device you should purchase itREAD MORE;;;;
Dont buy if you are looking for good battery backup and loud ringtone .Except for the battery backup this phone is absolutely perfect with palm size body and outstanding camera complimented by an extraordinary display. The only thing bugging me is the lower volume of ringtone. Bought this for my wife and she loves it .READ MORE;;;;
This is my first iPhone. Just loving it. Wanted a small phone with best specifications. It suited my requirements. A little issues with battery draining fast. But phone is niceREAD MORE;;;;
Stunning product.camera quality is astounding.A13 bionic is a beast.READ MORE;;;;
Fabulous SE  2020 ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Red colour is pretty cool 🔥.. only have a disappointment the battery draining fast.. .. otherwise superbREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
PUBG IS VERY SMOOTHREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
Every thing is fineREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Good performance. Cons:Battery back upREAD MORE;;;;
battery is averageREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone for first iOS users but battery is an issueREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phonrREAD MORE;;;;
Dual sim iPhone in affordable price.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone with power and performance of iPhone11 packed inside a smaller size. Loved it!!READ MORE;;;;
Very good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
BestREAD MORE;;;;
Best productsREAD MORE;;;;
A good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good but battery not goodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Product is perfect for normal users like me...But I'm unsatisfied from flipkart side because it take 12 days for shipment.READ MORE;;;;
The device is very good in performance and is able to do everything at small size. It is best for small phone lovers. But a downfall is battery.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent product but a little expensive.READ MORE;;;;
Best Phone..READ MORE;;;;
The best product with all new A13 bionic. Perfect image processingREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
The little beastREAD MORE;;;;
Beautiful look and classy performance.. I love my first iPhone..READ MORE;;;;
Best service from flipkart......... like it very muchREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone i have used. Buy it now. Flipkart is supercool. I got the delivery in one day. And not just that i got a great deal on my phone. Thankyou guys great job!READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Display and performance are very good. Handy to use and comfortable to keep in our pockets. Battery is the only drawback I face with this mobile. Apple could have been increased its capacity to little more to bare with latest generation.READ MORE;;;;
good performanceREAD MORE;;;;
If you love apple 🍎 then you don’t need to read any reviews just got this device with advanced camera features. Superb quality and amazing performance 🙈READ MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Must buy thisREAD MORE;;;;
Phone was reached with in 2 Day....I love this new upgrade SE phoneREAD MORE;;;;
VFM Buy!READ MORE;;;;
Superrrrr👌👌👌👌♥️♥️READ MORE;;;;
VerygoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone at this price. You get a damn iPhone  what else you need.... Deepak ???😂READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Flagship mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
good product and im happy with delivered product.READ MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
in timeREAD MORE;;;;
excellentREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
The product is very nice and thank your accepting my request and sendi g the delivery fast😊😊READ MORE;;;;
Not badREAD MORE;;;;
Best small iPhone i ever use. Super satisfied .READ MORE;;;;
This is a gadget worth for ur hard earned money..READ MORE;;;;
Phone is great but the delivery by Flipkart was super slow. The phone came 4 days late!READ MORE;;;;
I am happyREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome Phone. Loved it.READ MORE;;;;
One of the best configurationREAD MORE;;;;
Good..I'm sooo hppyREAD MORE;;;;
Good products nice performance vale of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Good productREAD MORE;;;;
Simply awesome .Apple iPhone 😍great productREAD MORE;;;;
Totally Outstanding performance.Camera output with a single lens excellentBattery life average not badFirst Iphone after a long period of android and SymbianREAD MORE;;;;
Superb Phone !!! Extra Impressive DisplayREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect apple piece in very cheapest price. I am happy to have itREAD MORE;;;;
Handy mobile with all features and options.READ MORE;;;;
Superb phone with low battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product and it’s performance so good ❤️👍READ MORE;;;;
amazing phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Exilent mobile and good featuresREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Product is nice but delivery service is very badREAD MORE;;;;
I have used iPhones before but not more than one week.this one is special and have completed an year with itREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone for less priceREAD MORE;;;;
Thank youREAD MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is really good but then only problem I feel is battery.. apart from that just perfect one to carry .READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Owersome ProductsREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product. Just loved it. Its color and Performance. ❤️READ MORE;;;;
Battery Backup is not good otherwise phone is decentREAD MORE;;;;
Gud purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Satisfied with product. eveything is just perfect about this phone. loved it too much...😍READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing stuff.READ MORE;;;;
Flipkart is awesome company.READ MORE;;;;
awesome colorREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is not good.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product and performace. However if someone is used to big screen they might not like it.READ MORE;;;;
Over all nive and classyREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome..go for itREAD MORE;;;;
A very good moblie I like♥️ so muchREAD MORE;;;;
Rear camera is really good and front camera is ok no night effectREAD MORE;;;;
Budget iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
very good phone.READ MORE;;;;
AmazingREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome :)READ MORE;;;;
It is really very amazing 😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Wow...!! Bionic A13 Just awesome more than what I expectedREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone. Excellent performance. Best delivery next day.READ MORE;;;;
Top notch quality for the price.. it’s Primarily a phone first and a media player player later... bought as a value for money phone...long support cycle by Apple...READ MORE;;;;
Working great for meREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile is amazing in all aspects*****but courier logistic services are pathetic. They are taking 4-5 working even after shipping. No contact no of courier company / no websites etc.READ MORE;;;;
Battery drains faster.READ MORE;;;;
SE 2020 very nice and handy mobile but poor battery backupREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome ... Just buy it .. you will love it.... With all facilitiesREAD MORE;;;;
As always expected from Apple. A product that live up to one’s expectations.READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeeeeREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Wow😍READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile very classyREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone!READ MORE;;;;
Quality product. Ye wo iPhone h jaisa hm chahte the.  My dream phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Over performance of the phone is good but the only problem is battery!It last for maximum for 10hrsREAD MORE;;;;
love this iphone seREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect for iPhone LoversREAD MORE;;;;
Battery issue..... and not having free call recorder in appstore! Why?READ MORE;;;;
Great productREAD MORE;;;;
good productREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product . Sexy size and cameraREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
My Ratings tells everythingREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone and fingerprint touch also so far good nice product I love it 🖤🖤READ MORE;;;;
Outstanding flagship at this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Really nice phone in this price due to double sim support battery gets down fast .overall highly satisfiedREAD MORE;;;;
Battery Doesn't last long...!READ MORE;;;;
Good product. Must buyREAD MORE;;;;
It's just wow!!! Paisa wasool performance and features just as promised...READ MORE;;;;
Overall nice product But battery too worst . My 4 yrs old 6s battery better than thisREAD MORE;;;;
Good qualityREAD MORE;;;;
Very handy phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone..READ MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Best iphone in 2020 below 40kREAD MORE;;;;
Beast😍Best ever in this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Best budget iphone go for it truly amazing product the build quality as well as the camera and its A13 bionic superfast 😍😍READ MORE;;;;
From 7 to SE 2020!  it’s small & handy which was my main requirement. Performance is amazing and as well Camera is improved a lot ! Over all it’s a good package from Apple !READ MORE;;;;
Very handy as I like small phones same like my my old iphone 6 with High configuration......READ MORE;;;;
awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Just killer mobile iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good product to buyREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone in starting rangeREAD MORE;;;;
It’s camera is beautiful and it’s battery life is also satisfactory...try to reduce the background apps especially alarm and chrome....the performance is marvellous....it’s like a small loaded super machine.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome Mobile....READ MORE;;;;
Value of MoneyREAD MORE;;;;
I phone SE is superREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phone with extream gamingIts heat up and battery is not so gooodREAD MORE;;;;
Good compact handsetEasy to Carry  Good camera Good displayThanks Flipkart for timely deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is good but not give premium feeling when taken into hand as compared to the old iphones series.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone and easily start the dual sim.READ MORE;;;;
Fast & smooth experience ! In day a twice you have to charge !!! Camera great but no zoom ! Much lighter easily one hand axis able ❤️🍁🍁🍁READ MORE;;;;
Am very happy to buy this oneREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
World's best company phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Just perfect.READ MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Apple always maintains that standard of theirs. Camera and display is awesome and as usual it's a bit high priced mobileREAD MORE;;;;
niceREAD MORE;;;;
Best iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Amezing photosREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
I am really happy with the phone performance and camera quality. I also appreciate Flipkart’s fast delivery.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent performance at a good priceBest for moderate userREAD MORE;;;;
Best low budget I phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone at an exciting price. Highly recommended.READ MORE;;;;
Chota packet.. bada dhamaka....Camera .- UltimateGood battery backup.Very handy small size phone...Red color just looks stylish...READ MORE;;;;
PerfectoREAD MORE;;;;
The camera is top-notch good for videos as well as clicking pictures.  Improvements -> Need software upgrade for batter battery management. Still getting 5 Hrs screen time. But can be improved.READ MORE;;;;
nce phone love to use itREAD MORE;;;;
SuperrrrrREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent productREAD MORE;;;;
Best MobileREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Need to improve in battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone and DesignREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing product by Apple 👌.Budgeted and good quality.READ MORE;;;;
It's best phone ever I useREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone. Value for the moneyREAD MORE;;;;
OriginalREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money and thank you flipkart amazing fast delivery.READ MORE;;;;
For me phone is good...i love this phone size and performanceREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Supperd mobile excellent lookREAD MORE;;;;
Everything is very good except battery life. It’s too worstREAD MORE;;;;
Nice Phone.. timaly delivery by flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
If you want it for long term for decent usage it is meant for you.READ MORE;;;;
Nothing to say OsomeREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome brandREAD MORE;;;;
Great phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product.Liked it!READ MORE;;;;
Apple se 2020 amazing.. Simple.. Sharp.READ MORE;;;;
Best ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone very fast & handy. Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Battery drains very fastREAD MORE;;;;
Good slim mobile with better SpecsREAD MORE;;;;
its good not best......🤓🤓READ MORE;;;;
Awsome phone Bartery backup is also good Battery stay one day after 100% chargedREAD MORE;;;;
phone is good but cost is havyREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect phone for conventional userREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product 😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Lovely phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Decent performance.  Battery life needs to be improved. Overall value for money. Thumbs up for Flipkart delivery.READ MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product Good for normal useHigh quality camera And performance.READ MORE;;;;
The best iphone to buy at low range highly recommended to buy than oneplus 8/nord love you appleREAD MORE;;;;
good productREAD MORE;;;;
🥰🥰🥰READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Good looking phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone. I really like it.READ MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Great.READ MORE;;;;
ThanksREAD MORE;;;;
phone is very good But small size ?READ MORE;;;;
its good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money from the Apple stableREAD MORE;;;;
One of the quality product from Apple there is no words to say about an appleREAD MORE;;;;
Product is very good but Flipkart delivery service is very poor.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product by appleREAD MORE;;;;
Best best best iphone everREAD MORE;;;;
Good camera and very smooth while using.READ MORE;;;;
Best phone in budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome experienceREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
The only drawback is battery backup Else it’s iPhone everyone dreams of it. Great performance one handed use and the slick and slim designREAD MORE;;;;
Not lagging at all...Very convenient phone handy and slimBest phone under this rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Thanks Flipkart and iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awsm phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best phone for whome those like small phoneREAD MORE;;;;
camera was really good. It capture the looks as exactly. High speed performance.Battery was great for normal use.READ MORE;;;;
Nice product 👌🏻👍🏻🥰READ MORE;;;;
This is absolutely amazing phone. The only shortcoming is that it has a small battery. But that’s completely understandable as the it small phone and performance is like a blastREAD MORE;;;;
Very gd phone it lower ur mobile usage time by reducing unnecessary notifications from app and also true tone display do care of your eyes and small size phone and powerfull performance make it a epic choiceREAD MORE;;;;
A good phone for new iPhone users. Battery backup is just ok. Have to buy an additional 18w charger. Data speed is much lesser than other smart phones.READ MORE;;;;
good phone. battery was a disasterREAD MORE;;;;
Great product.Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome productREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is super good.Camera at the best quality. Sometimes overheating and battery drain fast.overall good performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Must buy for an Apple fan.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing but apple should hav provided notch display in dis price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Great oneREAD MORE;;;;
NiceREAD MORE;;;;
I bought this phone for my Mom; she is very happy with the overall performance. Good buyREAD MORE;;;
Awesome phone during this timeREAD MORE;;;;
Good but battery is too badREAD MORE;;;;
Go for it without any doubt best iPhone with low budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Battery performance is not goodRemaining things is okREAD MORE;;;;
It's branded and ideal size phone that's why worth to buy. either or there are so many things which are simply irritating. Like week battery backup and Marathi typing problem etc.etc.Some features of this phone are so tricky to use. They are not simple as we got in any android phone.READ MORE;;;;
Good phone but expensive in IndiaREAD MORE;;;;
Such an awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Fantastic phone...power pack performanxe...afterall its iphone.Checked all boxes of class and style.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Fantastic productsREAD MORE;;;;
Worth for money good qualityREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Timely delivery and awesome product.READ MORE;;;;
It's awesome....if budget is constraint then go for this mobile...it's greatREAD MORE;;;;
Flipkart is greatREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
AWESOME PRODUCT & DELIVERY SERVICEREAD MORE;;;;
Compareable with iphone 11. Thats all i can say!READ MORE;;;;
Best mobile at best price 👍READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect phone fore the price. Takes awesome pictures.READ MORE;;;;
Great value for money phone.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Really awesome one and i think the perfomane is better than other iphone devices and iam so sad regarding its battery but anyway its a excellent device👍👍👍READ MORE;;;;
Amazing and its worth purchaseREAD MORE;;;;
Simply superb...🙂👍🏻READ MORE;;;;
Delievry - 5 star - phone got delivered in 8 hours. IPhone SE 2020 is a decent budget Apple phone when compared to other iPhones. It has the quality Apple premium feel. I see the value in the A13 chip being inside.READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Its a little beastREAD MORE;;;;
Fast delivery. Received in good condition.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing smartphone small screen with good speed.  You will not be disappointedREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone and good service Flipkart.....READ MORE;;;;
Thanks Flipkart. my dream are come trueREAD MORE;;;;
Good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Worth for money .. Like all Apple Products .. QualityREAD MORE;;;;
Cool product with 2 sim from iPhone. Loved it.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
excellent iphone! loved it! thanks flipkart for delivering d phone in perfect condition....READ MORE;;;;
Excellent by Apple received in on time with good packing n very hygienic condition thanksREAD MORE;;;;
As apple mobiles are excellent in use. this is also one of themREAD MORE;;;;
Nice nd good  performance..... Thanks flip kart members team......READ MORE;;;;
Budget phone from iPhone.. Delivered quickly in 2days by Flipkart..READ MORE;;;;
Good one but same as iPhone 7 & 8READ MORE;;;;
Worth of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
As describeREAD MORE;;;;
An iPhone with everythingREAD MORE;;;;
Love it 😍READ MORE;;;;
Excellent Product as expectedREAD MORE;;;;
Nice one 👌READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phone in this price range..!! Thanks apple company..!!READ MORE;;;;
worth itREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice phone because of its size...camera is awsome.Bit disappointed of its battery.Performence is awsome and style is fabulous.Premium feel is there.Bazel could have been possibly removed for more screen size.Ita my first iphone and am quite satisfied about it.READ MORE;;;;
Apple iPhone se2 is awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Clock speed is super and there is no remark to highlight in iPhone SEREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Genuine ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone with faster and secure delivery bu FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Happy to have this..most cute and loveable..satisfied with all for my requirements...READ MORE;;;;
Value for money and Jabardast Phone. . .READ MORE;;;;
Red colour is mind blowingREAD MORE;;;;
I m so much satisfied by using it.Go for it.READ MORE;;;;
Best productREAD MORE;;;;
All I say is great budget phone from apple.READ MORE;;;;
Phone is super fast and quality is good.READ MORE;;;;
Size is also optimumREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is average.Display should be less bezelCamera is ok okPerformance is good Value for money: Small pack big bangREAD MORE;;;;
In terms of performance considering the price factor its a good buyREAD MORE;;;;
In terms of performance considering the price factor its a good buyREAD MORE;;;;
Battery time is lowREAD MORE;;;;
❤️Premium camera phone❤️READ MORE;;;;
The best mobile in this budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Works well.READ MORE;;;;
Overall goodREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product by apple. very good performance with game and appsREAD MORE;;;;
OsmREAD MORE;;;;
Nice iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobileREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Value of moneyREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Super happy....READ MORE;;;;
perfect.READ MORE;;;;
Product quality is ok but the price is too high for this quality.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Great first iphone buy...READ MORE;;;;
Excellent value for money!!READ MORE;;;;
Initially I thought of buying iPhone 11 and then changed my mind since the screen size and night mode was the major difference in it. But I dont regret my choice. Really a good phone if screen size is not a matter to you.READ MORE;;;;
Product is good. But package is worst.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile and Thanks for quick deliveryREAD MORE;;;;
Value for MoneyREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Battery backup is little bit issue and not having that much backup.READ MORE;;;;
Great phoneREAD MORE;;;;
It is a beast...!READ MORE;;;;
Battery is not as good as other android phones but good otherwiseREAD MORE;;;;
Old but goldREAD MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Apple never disappoints  customer !!!!!!!READ MORE;;;;
Most valuable product I have ever seenREAD MORE;;;;
Everything fine except batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phone battery is good..READ MORE;;;;
This is my first iPhone. Small phone big performance. Very handy.READ MORE;;;;
I hope Apple reconsider the battery backup on this phone.READ MORE;;;;
Value for money phone. Battery could have been better.READ MORE;;;;
Slightly expensive but definitely durable.READ MORE;;;;
Not satisfied with battery backup but overall it's a great phone.READ MORE;;;;
It’s the best small display phone..with best processor in market.Only disappointed is battery.One line about this phone:“Lamborghini engine in Maruthi 800 car with same fuel tank capacity “READ MORE;;;;
Assowme supper phoneREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
The A13 bionic chip is the most powerful mobile processor now.Love this phone except the battery drainage. But this is a compacted powerhouse.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent.READ MORE;;;;
Everything is good as expected except the battery.READ MORE;;;;
Best phoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
OkREAD MORE;;;;
Love u flipkart. I liked your quick & safe service.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product luv it Iphone SE 2020❤READ MORE;;;;
Good in terms of performance.READ MORE;;;;
Awsome product. Loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Good mobile. Good battery backup.READ MORE;;;;
Except the battery and night mode in camera the phone is lit AF💥READ MORE;;;;
Wonderful...White beauty.If you liked iphone8 then you will like this phone.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Better than 6READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
all is good but battery backup nit goodREAD MORE;;;;
Delivered very fast in just two days. A powerful product and very handy.READ MORE;;;;
Genuine product good packaging and great delivery! Was hassle free purchasing on flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Very good👍READ MORE;;;;
Value for money.At the economy budget one can have powerfull apple in hand.READ MORE;;;;
sensor is not workingREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome piece. Power packed and fully loaded mobile. Must buy all iPhone users.Thanks Flipkart for delivering on time👍READ MORE;;;;
Very good experienceREAD MORE;;;;
excellent phoneREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
NicREAD MORE;;;;
The phone is good for this price except for the battery lifeREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent device with high performance. Only worried thing is battery with less capacity. Loved it❤️READ MORE;;;;
My first iPhone. Beast in performance. Low power mode option is life saverREAD MORE;;;;
SupREAD MORE;;;;
Battery could have been more better otherwise good one.READ MORE;;;;
Best form factor for one hand operations and iPhone excellence.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome!!!!READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Super mobile👌👌READ MORE;;;;
Super...READ MORE;;;;
This is the best value for money iPhone in market right now?READ MORE;;;;
It's very good and on time delivery.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Ek number phone hai...Battery could be better...I miss Apple's 3D touch anyway...READ MORE;;;;
Not disappointed :)READ MORE;;;;
Always iphone iphone never beat any oneREAD MORE;;;;
I like it Handy and niceREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Love the small screen size. Can be used single handed. Fits in pocket. Camera and overall performance is too good. Battery remains for full day for normal useREAD MORE;;;;
First ever iphone in my life. thank you FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery everything is good.READ MORE;;;;
Everthing is perfect except battery and smart dail.READ MORE;;;;
Smart phone I phone with 128 GB can afford at little bit more priceLove the phone and performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome!!READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Best genuine product And feel goodREAD MORE;;;;
Very good product and less in spend and fast in speedREAD MORE;;;;
Best performance in 6s size hope all Apple lovers likeREAD MORE;;;;
Such an amazing masterpiece for iPhone Beginners....Just loved it.READ MORE;;;;
This is my first iPhone and I am impressed with this chotu phone I always wants a small mobile with powerful performance and I get this only drawback is battery but by powersaver mode this last a whole day by medium useREAD MORE;;;;
Superb!!! Performance is excellentREAD MORE;;;;
The only problem is battery. Rest all is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Very good I am happyREAD MORE;;;;
Great phone handy display with bezels look ultimate and unique best phone in the market the all new iPhone SeREAD MORE;;;;
Super!!READ MORE;;;;
Worth for money but battery back up is little less compared to other mobile of iPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
While the performance you get from this small phone is great if I were to choose again I would be looking at an android phone just because of battery life I get from this phone.READ MORE;;;;
finally got what i really need thanks to apple and flipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Powerhouse in pocketREAD MORE;;;;
Like it & thanks Flipkart for the promised delivery timeREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone but want to returnREAD MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Go for it without a doubt. Made the android to ios shift and I can say that the experience is different. Great phone overall.READ MORE;;;;
Don't go with this mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Pros. PerformanceREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
It's a good product from Apple.READ MORE;;;;
Love it. Does the job and is best at itREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best classic type smart phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Best oneREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money product by Apple. Performance is superbREAD MORE;;;;
Just osm💕READ MORE;;;;
Mobile good. But delivery of flipkart is very bad.READ MORE;;;;
Great phone in the range!Screen is the setback as it has big bezels and less display area! The battery isn’t upto the mark too! But the camera and the processor is great!Wanted an IPhone since days? This is the phone!READ MORE;;;;
Awesome... Product... Just go for it.READ MORE;;;;
Phone is good ..READ MORE;;;;
Very  good  productREAD MORE;;;;
Very good product I love to buy itREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Worthy for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Best product in price n performance by apple...Apple seriously take indian market and price will very aggressive plus product as describe as good...READ MORE;;;;
Very good product from apple! thanks to Flipkart for fast delivery!!READ MORE;;;;
Fabulous will be small word to explain about this mobile...it may be a small screen but it is excellent...loved a lot perfect for pepole who uses small screen...it is not too small....loved it🥰READ MORE;;;;
Absolutely brilliant phone. Apple is leader for a reason. A13 bionic chip is beast. Glad I finally bought it. Go for it !!READ MORE;;;;
Very powerful iPhone.. value for money.. like itREAD MORE;;;;
The best budget iPhone ever. Except display everything else is good. A complete value for the money you spend.READ MORE;;;;
Wow dealREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you flip cart for  giving me a new apple I phone se!!!READ MORE;;;;
Superb by iPhone thanks apple and Flipkart I love itREAD MORE;;;;
One of the most powerful iphone in this price i can’t imagine pubg goes smooth even in hdr mode totally worth every paisaREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome smart phone on this price range...this is the performance beast phone. I am very very happy to have this.READ MORE;;;;
Good entry level iphone.READ MORE;;;;
greatREAD MORE;;;;
Good performance never and ever expected battery life from iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile... Pakka camera clarity.. only disadvantage is the EsimREAD MORE;;;;
Good but battery is the only issue in this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Perfect iPhone wrt my needs.Only body to screen ratio is a bit lowREAD MORE;;;;
Nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Nice picREAD MORE;;;;
It is okREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
OsmREAD MORE;;;;
I am android user and I am looking to switch to IOS where I got the situation and I did it.Best purchase for the best priceREAD MORE;;;;
Good phone who loves small screenREAD MORE;;;;
So far so good!READ MORE;;;;
It's awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Really good productREAD MORE;;;;
Best oneREAD MORE;;;;
SuperREAD MORE;;;;
Battery life should be improved.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Finally I got it iPhone se protect (red)READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Super nice productREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice device for reasonable priceREAD MORE;;;;
Super and good oneREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Simply cuteREAD MORE;;;;
Got the phone delivery In time. The phone is pretty same as the old iPhone 6 with some upgrade. Till now it has been a ok review.  Only issue maybe the battery due to the processes but truly speaking I found the battery life ok. Full charge keeps it going for full day. But fir heavy users it might be a spoiler.READ MORE;;;;
Extremely goodREAD MORE;;;;
Wonderful. Beautiful. Value for money. All round best performed mobile phone.READ MORE;;;;
Great PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Switched from android to ios..first iphone..runs smooth and fast...thanks to the a13 bionic chip..great for those who prefer small screen phonesREAD MORE;;;;
It’s really good no need to think it’s supposeREAD MORE;;;;
Best mid range iphone similar to iphone 11. But only display is smallREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone for girlsREAD MORE;;;;
Just irresistible...Got this as my first iphone.READ MORE;;;;
One the most beautiful phone .i loved itREAD MORE;;;;
Nice mobile with slim design and display.Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Best iphone i ever had. Very good performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice easy to hold and for work Good performance..READ MORE;;;;
Nice product for this price tag!READ MORE;;;;
Only problem is the battery drainage rest everything is amazing.READ MORE;;;;
Perfect size to fit in the hand. And a great Apple productREAD MORE;;;;
Compact & HandyREAD MORE;;;;
NycREAD MORE;;;;
excellent faster 100%READ MORE;;;;
Awesome productsREAD MORE;;;;
V v niceREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone Handy 👍READ MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
Performance is excellent. Camera is good. But the battery life is very bad.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome IPhone Se2020👌🏻👌🏻READ MORE;;;;
one of the best iphone ever this is my 2nd iphone best 4k video recordingREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome mobile at this priceREAD MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
Superb product Amazing performanceREAD MORE;;;;
The iPhone is really nice and within the normalbudgetREAD MORE;;;;
finally its a good mobile ..good performance as well..READ MORE;;;;
Everything is good except Battery performance ☹️READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Wow experience!READ MORE;;;;
Superb mobile.READ MORE;;;;
Best phone for non gamersREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Heating problem with home button and poor quality of batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Satisfied with this budgetREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent mobile amazing cameraREAD MORE;;;;
LOVE D PERFORMANCE OF A13 CHIP.WORKS WONDERS.CAN GO FOR IT.MUST BUY IF U R AN IPHONE LOVER <3 <3READ MORE;;;;
Awesome phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent smartphone but little bit small because habitual of big phone.READ MORE;;;;
Ok okREAD MORE;;;;
Good camera and performanceREAD MORE;;;;
One of the best phone I have ever seen ❤️😍😍READ MORE;;;;
Overall good phone.READ MORE;;;;
Nice phone  I love this phoneREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money! Other then battery everything is awesome.READ MORE;;;;
NICE MOBILEGOOD CAMERAREAD MORE;;;;
The best in class at a price to loveREAD MORE;;;;
ClearREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very good phone..READ MORE;;;;
Nice PhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Super sexyREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phone... best and the most durable oneREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing..............Delivery in 3 Days after order I am fan of Flipkart delivery..........Thankyou so much......READ MORE;;;;
Perfect for ones who need a very handy yet powerful smartphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Good deviceREAD MORE;;;;
Value for money apple give chance for everyone for use  apple in cheap rateREAD MORE;;;;
Superb but battery is averageREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Phone is great.READ MORE;;;;
Best budget phone from Apple.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent Phone.READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Nice product value for ManetREAD MORE;;;;
gud buyREAD MORE;;;;
Very niceREAD MORE;;;;
very goodREAD MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
SuperbREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Processor is goodBattery is draining too fastCamera and display is awsimeREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome feeling after using it Totally worth itREAD MORE;;;;
I bought 128 GB . It's quite good. And value for money. A13 bionic chip offers top notch performance. Display is not large but sufficient. Speakers are loud and clear. Camera is same as new iPhones. Overall it's a great phone at this price.READ MORE;;;;
Best budget smart phones for those who wants high performance in small budget. Best upgrade for those who are using iPhone 6.READ MORE;;;;
The overall product feels premium and nice!! The device has a compact size but the bezels feels kinda outdated !!! But still the performance it gives is next level and can’t be compared to any other device!!! Not for gamers though..!! The screen size is extremely small for gaming and battery life is also only for casual users and not for heavy users!! Battery will last on a average use around for 5 to 6 hours!!! Overall it’s a great product !!!READ MORE;;;;
Excellent product!!!!READ MORE;;;;
Good Iphone for this budget but screen size could have been bigger...READ MORE;;;;
Good deal..Battery performance to be improvedREAD MORE;;;;
Don’t think much . It’s worth for money . I purchased for my wife she loved it.READ MORE;;;;
Amazing phone at a amazing price!! Worth the purchase..READ MORE;;;;
Nice small size phone to use battery also better then I phone 8 !! Good colourREAD MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Amezing iPhone performance I love it thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent performance. Non apple user can try this iOS user interface at low budget.READ MORE;;;;
Worth for money need to improve batteryREAD MORE;;;;
Best produce ever for iPhone loversREAD MORE;;;;
Osame iphone SEREAD MORE;;;;
Very nice mobile....much happy to have it.READ MORE;;;;
Best phn !! U shld go for itREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Very good performance by Apple 👌👌READ MORE;;;;
Very compact to meREAD MORE;;;;
Very good product .......READ MORE;;;;
nice phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Valuable for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
This is for people looking for phones that can actually be used in one hand ! Good on all fronts except battery.READ MORE;;;;
Excellent ! Value for money ! For those who are looking to enter apple eco systemREAD MORE;;;;
awesmREAD MORE;;;;
Ultimate phone value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
If you are an average user and looking for a compact premium phone this is for you.READ MORE;;;;
Good experienceREAD MORE;;;;
same iphone x lookREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent product (RED) and delivery as well.READ MORE;;;;
A good option for people looking for this size and form factor. Flipkart delivery took more than a week.READ MORE;;;;
Great product.READ MORE;;;;
As I wanted compact & performance beastREAD MORE;;;;
Overall phone is good and battery performance bad. Battery backup 5 to 6 hours.I refer busy other phone.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Mobile is awesome but battery drains fasterREAD MORE;;;;
Nice shot good working 👍READ MORE;;;;
Best phone with Apple latest A13 bionic chip!!!READ MORE;;;;
Nice Phone 👍👌READ MORE;;;;
Good mobileREAD MORE;;;;
Fast & EfficientREAD MORE;;;;
Overall it's a good product.READ MORE;;;;
ExcellentREAD MORE;;;;
Stunning and Awesome. Go for it.READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Sleek Comfortable in hand !READ MORE;;;;
Overall good smartphone.  But in that price there are lots of optionREAD MORE;;;;
SExy tiny one..!!!READ MORE;;;;
Best camera a phoneREAD MORE;;;;
While charging the phone heats...rest all is greatREAD MORE;;;;
Amazing phone thanks FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Product is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Very Nice Phone by Apple .Apple 11 processeor and Latest sofware....value for money ...Book on first sale on 20 May....And timely before time delivery  by flipkart..💯💯💯💯💯💯💯👌👌👌👌👌👌👈👈👈👈READ MORE;;;;
Awesome product with value for money...READ MORE;;;;
Good ChoiceREAD MORE;;;;
Everything good..Just one thing to worry that’s battery life...READ MORE;;;;
Perfect for high performance like gaming. Camera is goodREAD MORE;;;;
Overall good product but Some apps crashing on iOS 13.5.1READ MORE;;;;
It’s worthREAD MORE;;;;
Except battery everything is perfect and wonderful...READ MORE;;;;
Fastest processor with excellent camera .....READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
Total paisa wasulREAD MORE;;;;
HyREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product in this price rangeREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent buy. Totally loved itREAD MORE;;;;
All over superb phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product 👌👌👌😍😍READ MORE;;;;
If I talk about performance the stuff is awesome apart it’s the value for money. But the only drawback is that it doesn’t have notch display otherwise is all good.READ MORE;;;;
Very goodREAD MORE;;;;
This is my first iphone and experience was mind blowing.READ MORE;;;;
good oneREAD MORE;;;;
Nice phone and one handed phoneREAD MORE;;;;
It’s OKREAD MORE;;;;
Very satisfying purchase... except some typical iOS specific features.... which I hope I shall get used to in due course of time..READ MORE;;;;
Before time delivery.READ MORE;;;;
Good mobile in small in hand.....READ MORE;;;;
Itz simply amazing..READ MORE;;;;
Good phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome performance :)READ MORE;;;;
AwesomeREAD MORE;;;;
One of the Best phone in this range which apple ever produced.READ MORE;;;;
Good for people who want a low tier iphone with great performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome purchase. Thanku flipkart.READ MORE;;;;
Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
The phone looks awesome and is complete value for money. The red colour gives it a special touch. Delivery was on time & packaging was good !!READ MORE;;;;
Quality ProductREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome product.  Great performance. Always sets a benchmarkREAD MORE;;;;
Owesome Apple Iphone SE👍Value for moneyREAD MORE;;;;
Simply awesome.READ MORE;;;;
Amazingly suited my need of wanting a feature loaded high capacity phone but not big in size. Amazing product.READ MORE;;;;
one of the best phone one week ago i have bought 64 gb varient and now 128 GB I loved itREAD MORE;;;;
sexy phone❤️READ MORE;;;;
Overall very nice Mobile.. Only Battery is small But She is a beast in Performance 😍READ MORE;;;;
ThanksREAD MORE;;;;
Sexy red colour and Everything is good but battery  u have to charge twice r thrice a dayREAD MORE;;;;
Always loved to be an Apple user...flawless experience and super awsome processing speed...READ MORE;;;;
Worth of money 🥰love this red oneREAD MORE;;;;
Superb mobile and value for money not expected such device in this price segment but good wrk done by appleREAD MORE;;;;
Phone with good performance and camera. Seamless transition from earlier phone. Love the portrait mode offered.READ MORE;;;;
very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Good build quality and handy...good camera in daylight very good for medium users ..not for heavy users and gamersREAD MORE;;;;
Battery is the only issue which is not up to the mark. Rest of the things are better than iPhone 8..READ MORE;;;;
Very good performanceREAD MORE;;;;
Bret phone to buyREAD MORE;;;;
It is everything that you are expectingREAD MORE;;;;
A nice piece of tech the only issue is the battery backup. Everything else is just superb.READ MORE;;;;
Nice Phone but only the screen size is smallREAD MORE;;;;
Best handy phoneREAD MORE;;;;
It's fast and better performance. Only battery will be issue in long term.READ MORE;;;;
I like this phone.Performance are good.READ MORE;;;;
Good mobile in iOSREAD MORE;;;;
WowREAD MORE;;;;
Ergonomic design and awesome display. But speakers not working and over heating.READ MORE;;;;
Awesome performance in this price .....READ MORE;;;;
Classy.READ MORE;;;;
Nice look in red but not in black . It is not too wideREAD MORE;;;;
loving this model from apple. Wish Only battery backup could have been taken careREAD MORE;;;;
First time Iam experiencing apple product ....READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
My earlier mobile was iphone se 1st generation. Upgrading from it might be big change but I don’t think it might not be the case for people who already used iphone 8. Overall performance was good but battery was just ok. May be apple might be consider this.READ MORE;;;;
It’s good actually performance wise and it’s displaye qauliy is also good .READ MORE;;;;
GoodREAD MORE;;;;
Excellent phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Great performanceREAD MORE;;;;
How can subscribe youtube?READ MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
goodREAD MORE;;;;
Blazingly Fast And Works Quicker Than My Previous iPhone 🤘🏻READ MORE;;;;
Thanks flipcart for delivering the product so earlyAlways been a fan of iPhones I am already using iPhone X and used my other iPhone series... it’s the best brandREAD MORE;;;;
Best IPhoneREAD MORE;;;;
Super product from Apple.. upgraded from 6 to SE 2020. Thanks Flipkart for the early delivery. Packing was done very nicely.READ MORE;;;;
awesomeREAD MORE;;;;
iPhone se 2020 is as awesome as its 1st generation iPhone se 2016READ MORE;;;;
this iphone is premium but battery is short display is not that satisfying rest is all goodREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE;;;;
Thank you so much on time deliveryvery good packing excellent  behaviorREAD MORE;;;;
Awesome phone 👍READ MORE;;;;
Really great phoneREAD MORE;;;;
Very fast delivery by flipkart... Less than expected. Satisfied with the packaging and iphoneREAD MORE;;;;
Absolutely brilliantREAD MORE;;;;
very niceREAD MORE;;;;
Loving it as of now. Good Product .READ MORE;;;;
NiceElegant ElectricREAD MORE;;;;
